similarity;sentence1;sentence2
neutral;A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.;A person is training his horse for a competition.
contradiction;A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.;A person is at a diner, ordering an omelette.
entailment;A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.;A person is outdoors, on a horse.
neutral;Children smiling and waving at camera;They are smiling at their parents
entailment;Children smiling and waving at camera;There are children present
contradiction;Children smiling and waving at camera;The kids are frowning
contradiction;A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.;The boy skates down the sidewalk.
entailment;A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.;The boy does a skateboarding trick.
neutral;A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.;The boy is wearing safety equipment.
neutral;An older man sits with his orange juice at a small table in a coffee shop while employees in bright colored shirts smile in the background.;An older man drinks his juice as he waits for his daughter to get off work.
contradiction;An older man sits with his orange juice at a small table in a coffee shop while employees in bright colored shirts smile in the background.;A boy flips a burger.
neutral;An older man sits with his orange juice at a small table in a coffee shop while employees in bright colored shirts smile in the background.;An elderly man sits in a small shop.
neutral;Two blond women are hugging one another.;Some women are hugging on vacation.
contradiction;Two blond women are hugging one another.;The women are sleeping.
entailment;Two blond women are hugging one another.;There are women showing affection.
neutral;A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.;The people are eating omelettes.
contradiction;A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.;The people are sitting at desks in school.
entailment;A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.;The diners are at a restaurant.
entailment;An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.;A man is drinking juice.
contradiction;An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.;Two women are at a restaurant drinking wine.
neutral;An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.;A man in a restaurant is waiting for his meal to arrive.
neutral;A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.;A blond man getting a drink of water from a fountain in the park.
contradiction;A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.;A blond man wearing a brown shirt is reading a book on a bench in the park
entailment;A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.;A blond man drinking water from a fountain.
contradiction;Two women who just had lunch hugging and saying goodbye.;The friends scowl at each other over a full dinner table.
entailment;Two women who just had lunch hugging and saying goodbye.;There are two woman in this picture.
neutral;Two women who just had lunch hugging and saying goodbye.;The friends have just met for the first time in 20 years, and have had a great time catching up.
neutral;Two women, holding food carryout containers, hug.;The two sisters saw each other across the crowded diner and shared a hug, both clutching their doggie bags.
contradiction;Two women, holding food carryout containers, hug.;Two groups of rival gang members flipped each other off.
entailment;Two women, holding food carryout containers, hug.;Two women hug each other.
neutral;A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game.;A team is trying to score the games winning out.
entailment;A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game.;A team is trying to tag a runner out.
contradiction;A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game.;A team is playing baseball on Saturn.
contradiction;The school is having a special event in order to show the american culture on how other cultures are dealt with in parties.;A school hosts a basketball game.
neutral;The school is having a special event in order to show the american culture on how other cultures are dealt with in parties.;A high school is hosting an event.
entailment;The school is having a special event in order to show the american culture on how other cultures are dealt with in parties.;A school is hosting an event.
contradiction;High fashion ladies wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.;The women do not care what clothes they wear.
entailment;High fashion ladies wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.;Women are waiting by a tram.
neutral;High fashion ladies wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.;The women enjoy having a good fashion sense.
neutral;A man, woman, and child enjoying themselves on a beach.;A child with mom and dad, on summer vacation at the beach.
entailment;A man, woman, and child enjoying themselves on a beach.;A family of three is at the beach.
contradiction;A man, woman, and child enjoying themselves on a beach.;A family of three is at the mall shopping.
neutral;People waiting to get on a train or just getting off.;The people waiting on the train are sitting.
entailment;People waiting to get on a train or just getting off.;There are people just getting on a train
entailment;People waiting to get on a train or just getting off.;There are people waiting on a train.
entailment;A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.;A couple are playing with a young child outside.
neutral;A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.;A couple are playing frisbee with a young child at the beach.
contradiction;A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.;A couple watch a little girl play by herself on the beach.
contradiction;A couple play in the tide with their young son.;The family is sitting down for dinner.
entailment;A couple play in the tide with their young son.;The family is outside.
neutral;A couple play in the tide with their young son.;The family is on vacation.
contradiction;A man and a woman cross the street in front of a pizza and gyro restaurant.;The people are standing still on the curb.
entailment;A man and a woman cross the street in front of a pizza and gyro restaurant.;Near a couple of restaurants, two people walk across the street.
neutral;A man and a woman cross the street in front of a pizza and gyro restaurant.;The couple are walking across the street together.
contradiction;A woman in a green jacket and hood over her head looking towards a valley.;The woman is nake.
neutral;A woman in a green jacket and hood over her head looking towards a valley.;The woman is cold.
entailment;A woman in a green jacket and hood over her head looking towards a valley.;The woman is wearing green.
neutral;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;The man with the sign is caucasian.
contradiction;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;They are protesting outside the capital.
entailment;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;A woman in white.
entailment;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;A man is advertising for a restaurant.
contradiction;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;The woman is wearing black.
neutral;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;A man and a woman walk down a crowded city street.
entailment;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;The woman is wearing white.
neutral;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;They are working for John's Pizza.
contradiction;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;Olympic swimming.
contradiction;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;A man and a soman are eating together at John's Pizza and Gyro.
entailment;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;They are walking with a sign.
neutral;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;The woman is waiting for a friend.
contradiction;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;The man is sitting down while he has a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in his arms.
entailment;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;The woman and man are outdoors.
neutral;Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.;A woman ordering pizza.
neutral;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;The people are related.
contradiction;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;Two adults run across the street to get away from a red shirted person chasing them.
entailment;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;The adults are both male and female.
neutral;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;Two people walk home after a tasty steak dinner.
contradiction;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;Two adults swimming in water
entailment;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;Two adults walk across a street.
contradiction;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;Two people ride bicycles into a tunnel.
entailment;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;Two people walk away from a restaurant across a street.
neutral;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;Two adults walking across a road near the convicted prisoner dressed in red
neutral;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;Two friends cross a street.
contradiction;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;Some people board a train.
entailment;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;Two adults walk across the street.
entailment;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;Two adults walking across a road
contradiction;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;There are no women in the picture.
neutral;Two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.;Two adults walk across the street to get away from a red shirted person who is chasing them.
contradiction;A woman wearing all white and eating, walks next to a man holding a briefcase.;A married couple is sleeping.
entailment;A woman wearing all white and eating, walks next to a man holding a briefcase.;A female is next to a man.
neutral;A woman wearing all white and eating, walks next to a man holding a briefcase.;A married couple is walking next to each other.
contradiction;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;Nobody has food.
entailment;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;A woman eats a banana and walks across a street, and there is a man trailing behind her.
contradiction;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;The woman and man are playing baseball together.
neutral;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;two coworkers cross pathes on a street
contradiction;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;A woman eats ice cream walking down the sidewalk, and there is another woman in front of her with a purse.
neutral;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;The mans briefcase is for work.
entailment;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;A person eating.
neutral;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;A person that is hungry.
neutral;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;An actress and her favorite assistant talk a walk in the city.
entailment;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;a woman eating a banana crosses a street
neutral;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;the woman is a seductress
contradiction;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;a woman sits for lunch
contradiction;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;the woman is having coffee at the cafe
entailment;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;The woman is eating a banana.
entailment;A woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.;the woman is outside
neutral;A skier slides along a metal rail.;A skier is near the rail looking down.
entailment;A skier slides along a metal rail.;A skier is near the rail.
contradiction;A skier slides along a metal rail.;A skier is away from the rail.
contradiction;A person on skis on a rail at night.;The woman eats a car
entailment;A person on skis on a rail at night.;The person skiis
neutral;A person on skis on a rail at night.;They are fantastic skiiers
neutral;A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars.;The skier was on the edge of the ramp.
entailment;A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars.;The brightly dressed skier slid down the race course.
contradiction;A skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars.;The jogger ran through the streets.
contradiction;A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object.;A snowboarder is riding a ski lift.
neutral;A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object.;A skier is competing in a competition.
entailment;A yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object.;Somebody is engaging in winter sports.
entailment;A blond man is drinking from a public fountain.;The man is drinking water.
neutral;A blond man is drinking from a public fountain.;The man is very thirsty.
contradiction;A blond man is drinking from a public fountain.;The man is drinking coffee.
contradiction;Wet brown dog swims towards camera.;The dog is sleeping in his bed.
neutral;Wet brown dog swims towards camera.;A dog is playing fetch in a pond.
entailment;Wet brown dog swims towards camera.;A dog is in the water.
contradiction;Closeup image of a dog swimming.;A cat reluctantly takes a bath.
neutral;Closeup image of a dog swimming.;An underwater camera takes a photo of a puppy.
entailment;Closeup image of a dog swimming.;A dog swims in a body of water.
neutral;The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean.;A dog is chasing a fish.
entailment;The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean.;A dog is swimming.
contradiction;The furry brown dog is swimming in the ocean.;A dog is running around the yard.
contradiction;A big brown dog swims towards the camera.;A dog is chasing a stick.
neutral;A big brown dog swims towards the camera.;A photographer is taking pictures of a dog.
entailment;A big brown dog swims towards the camera.;A dog swims towards the camera.
neutral;A man wearing black with a gray hat, holding a pitchfork, directs a horse-drawn cart.;The farmer wearing a gray hat is driving a horse-drawn cart.
entailment;A man wearing black with a gray hat, holding a pitchfork, directs a horse-drawn cart.;The man with the gray hat and pitchfork is directing the cart.
contradiction;A man wearing black with a gray hat, holding a pitchfork, directs a horse-drawn cart.;The woman in a blue dress is hitching a horse to a cart.
entailment;A man is leading a Clydesdale up a hay road, within a Old Country.;A man is walking with his horse up a country road.
contradiction;A man is leading a Clydesdale up a hay road, within a Old Country.;A woman in a gray business suit is drinking tea.
neutral;A man is leading a Clydesdale up a hay road, within a Old Country.;A man in a straw hat and overalls is walking with his horse up a country road.
entailment;A farmer fertilizing his garden with manure with a horse and wagon.;The man is fertilizering his garden.
contradiction;A farmer fertilizing his garden with manure with a horse and wagon.;The man is on the city street with his horse and wagon.
neutral;A farmer fertilizing his garden with manure with a horse and wagon.;The man is in an open field with a horse and wagon.
neutral;A white horse is pulling a cart while a man stands and watches.;A horse is hauling goods.
entailment;A white horse is pulling a cart while a man stands and watches.;An animal is walking outside.
contradiction;A white horse is pulling a cart while a man stands and watches.;A man is watching a horse race.
entailment;A small group of church-goers watch a choir practice.;A group watches a practice.
-;A small group of church-goers watch a choir practice.;A choir performs in front of packed crowd.
neutral;A small group of church-goers watch a choir practice.;The pastor and elders watch the choir to make sure they are good.
contradiction;A dog drops a red disc on a beach.;a dog catch the ball on a beach
neutral;A dog drops a red disc on a beach.;a dog drops a disc with a boy
entailment;A dog drops a red disc on a beach.;a dog drops a red disc
neutral;A man and a woman are walking on a street at the top of a hill.;A married couple walks atop a hill.
entailment;A man and a woman are walking on a street at the top of a hill.;A man and woman walk on a street.
contradiction;A man and a woman are walking on a street at the top of a hill.;Two men play catch on a hill.
contradiction;An elderly man is drinking orange juice at a cafe.;An elderly man is drinking apple juice at a bar.
neutral;An elderly man is drinking orange juice at a cafe.;An older gentleman is enjoying his orange juice at a new cafe.
entailment;An elderly man is drinking orange juice at a cafe.;An old man is enjoying a beverage at a cafe.
neutral;A couple holding hands walks down a street.;Two men hold hands while walking down the street.
contradiction;A couple holding hands walks down a street.;There are people sitting on the side of the road.
entailment;A couple holding hands walks down a street.;People are holding hands and walking.
entailment;A couple walk through a white brick town.;People are walking outdoors.
contradiction;A couple walk through a white brick town.;A man and woman walk in a brown brick city.
neutral;A couple walk through a white brick town.;A man and woman walk through a big city.
contradiction;Children going home from school.;The children are at the library.
entailment;Children going home from school.;The school children head home.
neutral;Children going home from school.;The children are walking in the afternooon.
contradiction;People listening to a choir in a Catholic church.;People are listening to a metal band.
entailment;People listening to a choir in a Catholic church.;Choir singing in mass.
neutral;People listening to a choir in a Catholic church.;People are in mass for a first communion
contradiction;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;A bicyclist is sitting down having lunch at the mall.
entailment;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;The bicyclists are outside.
neutral;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;Bicyclists waiting for a car to pass.
neutral;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;A person on a bike is waiting while the light is green.
entailment;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;The bicycles are on a road.
entailment;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;A person on a bike is near a street.
entailment;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;Bikers stop and wait for traffic at the intersection.
contradiction;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;The bicyclists ride through the mall on their bikes.
entailment;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;Bicyclists waiting their turn to cross.
contradiction;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;Bicyclists riding along a freeway.
contradiction;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;The bicyclists are dead.
neutral;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;The bicyclists are riding to the book store.
neutral;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;The bicyclists are in a race.
contradiction;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;The bicyclists are at home.
neutral;Bicyclists waiting at an intersection.;A group of bicyclists remain on the sidewalk at the intersection.
contradiction;People waiting at a light on bikes.;A bunch of friends are on a boat
entailment;People waiting at a light on bikes.;People with bikes.
neutral;People waiting at a light on bikes.;There are people on bikes at a light
contradiction;People waiting at a light on bikes.;The people are inside waiting.
entailment;People waiting at a light on bikes.;There are some people outside.
entailment;People waiting at a light on bikes.;People are on their bikes.
neutral;People waiting at a light on bikes.;The people are riding their bikes to the gym.
neutral;People waiting at a light on bikes.;People biking through the city.
entailment;People waiting at a light on bikes.;The people are on bikes.
neutral;People waiting at a light on bikes.;There is traffic next to the bikes.
contradiction;People waiting at a light on bikes.;The people are running a red light.
contradiction;People waiting at a light on bikes.;People in a car race.
entailment;People waiting at a light on bikes.;Men and women outside on a street corner.
contradiction;People waiting at a light on bikes.;A ladybug has landed on a beautiful pink rose.
neutral;People waiting at a light on bikes.;Men and women on their motorcycles, wearing helmets and protective jackets.
contradiction;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;The people are on skateboards.
entailment;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;People are riding their bicycles.
neutral;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;There is a bike race happening right now.
neutral;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;People on bicycles enjoy a conversation waiting for traffic.
neutral;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;The people are trying to get to the convenience store across the street.
entailment;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;People wait on traffic.
neutral;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;Some people on bikes are stopped at a junction.
contradiction;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;People are waiting on foot.
entailment;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;There are bicyclists stopped at a road.
contradiction;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;The people are sleeping.
contradiction;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;The people are waiting for the movie to begin.
entailment;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;More than one person on a bicycle is obeying traffic laws.
neutral;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;People are on mountain bikes.
entailment;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;There are people on bicycles.
contradiction;People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.;People on bicycles speed through an intersection.
contradiction;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;The cart is empty.
contradiction;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;A man is giving another man a piggyback ride.
entailment;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;A cart is full of items.
contradiction;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;A man is sleeping under a bench.
entailment;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;A man watches another man.
neutral;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;A produce vendor is watched by a health department worker.
entailment;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;Someone is on top of a cart full of items, while someone else observes.
contradiction;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;The man is watching a woman.
neutral;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;A merchant and his assistant are trying to determine how many products are in their cart.
neutral;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;The cart is full of coal.
entailment;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;A man is standing on top of a cart.
entailment;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;The cart is filled to the top.
neutral;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;The men are outside.
contradiction;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;A man eats octopus.
neutral;A man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top.;A man is standing on a cart full of groceries.
entailment;A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman.;A male is getting a drink of water.
neutral;A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman.;A sculptor takes a drink from a fountain that he made that looks like his girlfriend.
contradiction;A boy is drinking out of a water fountain shaped like a woman.;A man is drinking lemonade from a glass.
neutral;three bikers stop in town.;cars stop in town
entailment;three bikers stop in town.;Bikers stop in towns
entailment;three bikers stop in town.;A town has witnessed the arrival of three bikers.
neutral;three bikers stop in town.;Thoes bikers are slowing down
neutral;three bikers stop in town.;The bikers are riding Harley's.
contradiction;three bikers stop in town.;Three bikers are going 100 mph
contradiction;three bikers stop in town.;The bikers breathe water
entailment;three bikers stop in town.;Bikers stop for gas
neutral;three bikers stop in town.;Three bicyclists are riding in a pack.
contradiction;three bikers stop in town.;There is a very angry dog.
neutral;three bikers stop in town.;Three bikers are taking a rest in the town.
entailment;three bikers stop in town.;The bikers are in the town.
entailment;three bikers stop in town.;A group of bikers are in the street.
contradiction;three bikers stop in town.;The bikers didn't stop in the town.
contradiction;three bikers stop in town.;Five bikers are riding on the road.
contradiction;Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck.;A man is carrying a canoe to the water.
entailment;Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck.;A couple of people are loading brush onto a trailer that is attached to a truck.
neutral;Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck.;Two people loading brush on a trailer attached to a truck so they can go camping and burn it.
entailment;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;a bearded man pulls a rope
neutral;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;A bearded man is pulling a rope at work.
entailment;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;A man pulls on a rope.
neutral;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;The man was on the job trying to move some equipment.
contradiction;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;a man pulls his beard
contradiction;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;a bearded man is pulling a car with his teeth.
neutral;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;a man competes in a rope pulling contest
neutral;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;A man is trying to pull his car out of a lake
contradiction;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;The man was clean shaven.
entailment;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;A bearded man is pulling on a rope.
neutral;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;A man is dragging a sled behind him.
contradiction;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;A man in a swimsuit, swings on a rope.
contradiction;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;A man is wearing a black shirt
entailment;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;A man is pulling on a rope.
entailment;A man with a beard, wearing a red shirt with gray sleeves and work gloves, pulling on a rope.;The man is able to grow a beard.
contradiction;A man with facial hair and a red and gray shirt tugging on a piece of rope.;A man is naked on the bed.
neutral;A man with facial hair and a red and gray shirt tugging on a piece of rope.;A man is wearing a red and gray shirt.
entailment;A man with facial hair and a red and gray shirt tugging on a piece of rope.;A man has facial hair.
contradiction;A middle-aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile.;The middle aged oriental woman is watchingt v
entailment;A middle-aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile.;A middle aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile
neutral;A middle-aged oriental woman in a green headscarf and blue shirt is flashing a giant smile.;The middle aged oriental woman is very happy
neutral;An Asian woman in a blue top and green headscarf smiling widely as another woman rows a boat in the background.;An Asian woman is happy because she found money on the ground.
entailment;An Asian woman in a blue top and green headscarf smiling widely as another woman rows a boat in the background.;An Asian woman is smiling at while another lady is rowing.
contradiction;An Asian woman in a blue top and green headscarf smiling widely as another woman rows a boat in the background.;An Asian woman is running from a dog.
entailment;A boat worker securing line.;A worker is doing something to a boat.
contradiction;A boat worker securing line.;The boat worker is swimming in the ocean.
neutral;A boat worker securing line.;The boat worker works hard to establish the line.
neutral;A small girl with a necklace is swimming.;A small girl with a necklace is swimming in a pool
contradiction;A small girl with a necklace is swimming.;A fat girl is diving off the edge
entailment;A small girl with a necklace is swimming.;A small girl with a necklace is in the water
contradiction;a skateboarder skates in the pool.;A skate swims in the pool.
entailment;a skateboarder skates in the pool.;A skater is in the pool.
neutral;a skateboarder skates in the pool.;A skater grinds on the lip of the pool.
contradiction;"A couple, who appear to be Indian or Pakistani, walk on a path beside a body of water, the mother carrying a child in a diaper, the father wrapped in a blanket with the logo of the humanitarian organization ""Save the Children.""";A man is wrapped in a UNICEF blanket.
entailment;"A couple, who appear to be Indian or Pakistani, walk on a path beside a body of water, the mother carrying a child in a diaper, the father wrapped in a blanket with the logo of the humanitarian organization ""Save the Children.""";A couple carrying a child are walking along water.
neutral;"A couple, who appear to be Indian or Pakistani, walk on a path beside a body of water, the mother carrying a child in a diaper, the father wrapped in a blanket with the logo of the humanitarian organization ""Save the Children.""";An Indian couple is seeking refuge with a humanitarian organization.
entailment;There is a woman holding a baby, along with a man with a save the children bag.;A group of people are possing for an add.
neutral;There is a woman holding a baby, along with a man with a save the children bag.;A man and a woman are hoding their son.
contradiction;There is a woman holding a baby, along with a man with a save the children bag.;A man is watching an airplane.
contradiction;A family with a baby, the father is wearing a save the children sign.;Three adults are pictured.
entailment;A family with a baby, the father is wearing a save the children sign.;A man is wearing something with writing on it.
neutral;A family with a baby, the father is wearing a save the children sign.;A woman is holding a baby.
contradiction;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;they are riding a bike
neutral;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;People are walking next to a lake.
neutral;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;A foreigner group of cousins hike along a trail next to a stream.
entailment;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;A foreign family walks by a dirt trail along a body of water.
entailment;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;The family is admiring the water
contradiction;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;The people are driving a car on the freeway.
contradiction;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;A family of foreigners swims in the water.
neutral;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;they are trying not to fall in the water
contradiction;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;A group of locals run on a dirt trail next to a frozen stream.
entailment;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;A family of foreigners walks by the water.
entailment;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;A family walks along a dirt path.
contradiction;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;A family plays board games at their dinner table.
entailment;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;There is a family taking a walk outside.
neutral;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;A family walks along a dirt path in a forest by a pond.
neutral;A foreign family is walking along a dirt path next to the water.;A family of foreigners walks by the lake.
entailment;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;People are looking at sculptures at a museum.
entailment;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;There are people next to sculptures.
neutral;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;A man and a woman are happily standing.
entailment;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;People standing near sculptures
contradiction;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;Three people are looking at painting at a school fair.
contradiction;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;Nobody is standing.
neutral;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;The sculptures are a recent creation.
entailment;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;A man and a woman are standing.
neutral;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;Tall people standing
contradiction;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;The is a single sculpture.
contradiction;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;The man and woman are standing by a swimming pool.
neutral;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;People are looking at scultures that were made by a famous artist.
neutral;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;There are sculptures of people.
entailment;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;There are scultupres nearby.
contradiction;A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.;A man and a woman are sitting.
neutral;Group of young women in dresses strolling on the sidewalk.;all the women are well dressed
contradiction;Group of young women in dresses strolling on the sidewalk.;all the young girls won the first prize
entailment;Group of young women in dresses strolling on the sidewalk.;there are some groups one of them of young females are in dresses strolling for a ramp walk
entailment;A man wearing a striped top and jeans does a skateboard trick on some steps while a man who is hunched over photographs him.;a man is photographing a man skateboarding.
contradiction;A man wearing a striped top and jeans does a skateboard trick on some steps while a man who is hunched over photographs him.;a man is riding his scooter alone
neutral;A man wearing a striped top and jeans does a skateboard trick on some steps while a man who is hunched over photographs him.;tony hawks manager is photographing tony hawk skateboarding
contradiction;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;A man is taking the picture of a skateboarder who is being taken by aliens.
contradiction;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;Photographers capture a male skateboarder performing tricks inside an abandoned building.
contradiction;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;A woman is skateboarding with her boyfriend.
entailment;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;A man is taking the picture of a skateboarder who is performing a trick.
contradiction;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;A man photographs a wedding.
neutral;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;A man is taking photos of his son doing tricks on the skateboard.
neutral;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;A man photographs Tony Hawk skateboarding.
entailment;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;A man is taking photos of skateboarding tricks.
entailment;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;People take photos outdoors while a man performs exciting skateboarding tricks.
entailment;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;A man is photographing another man.
neutral;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;A pro photographer is taking pictures of a pro skater.
contradiction;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;Two men are going down a water slide.
entailment;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;A man photographs a skateboarder doing tricks.
neutral;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;A man tries to get the perfect picture of a skateboarder for a magazine.
neutral;A man squatting in the foreground of a photograph while taking a photograph of his own of a man doing a skateboarding kick flip in midair above a short flight of stairs outdoors.;A male skateboarder performs tricks outdoors for professional photographers.
contradiction;One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them.;The people are driving cars
neutral;One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them.;The people are part of a club
entailment;One biker is running with their bike while another is riding around them.;People have bikes
contradiction;Two people with bicycles, one in front running with a bike and one in back riding.;Two people eating ice cream cones at the mall.
neutral;Two people with bicycles, one in front running with a bike and one in back riding.;Two people taking their bikes to the trail.
entailment;Two people with bicycles, one in front running with a bike and one in back riding.;One person running next to their bike with the person riding their bike behind them.
contradiction;A young man doing a trick on a skateboard down the stairs while being photographed.;A young man roller blades across a ramp while being photographed.
neutral;A young man doing a trick on a skateboard down the stairs while being photographed.;A helmet-less young man does a trick on a skateboard while being photographed.
entailment;A young man doing a trick on a skateboard down the stairs while being photographed.;A man being photographed while he does a trick on his skateboard down the stairs.
neutral;A lady in a black and white striped shirt and holding a bouquet of flowers, looks seriously at two gentlemen talking on the steps.;A lady is about to propose to her boyfriend.
entailment;A lady in a black and white striped shirt and holding a bouquet of flowers, looks seriously at two gentlemen talking on the steps.;A lady with a serious face is standing with two guys in front of steps outside.
contradiction;A lady in a black and white striped shirt and holding a bouquet of flowers, looks seriously at two gentlemen talking on the steps.;Three guys are standing indoors with flowers in their hands.
contradiction;A man walking proudly down the street.;The man is in the theatre watching Avatar.
neutral;A man walking proudly down the street.;The man is part of the gay pride parade.
entailment;A man walking proudly down the street.;A man is outside.
neutral;Four teenage boys are doing cannonballs into a swimming pool.;Four friends are having a competition to see who throws the most water out of a pool.
entailment;Four teenage boys are doing cannonballs into a swimming pool.;A group of young men are splashing a lot of water.
contradiction;Four teenage boys are doing cannonballs into a swimming pool.;Some boys are eating pizza in a restaurant.
neutral;Three men standing on grass by the water looking at something on a table.;The three men are by the lake.
entailment;Three men standing on grass by the water looking at something on a table.;The three men are outside.
contradiction;Three men standing on grass by the water looking at something on a table.;The three men are indoors playing Foosball.
neutral;A woman stands behind an outdoor grill with a blue basket of food in her hands.;A woman holding a blue basket full of food at a family cookout.
entailment;A woman stands behind an outdoor grill with a blue basket of food in her hands.;A woman standing behind a grill outside with a blue basket of food in her hands.
contradiction;A woman stands behind an outdoor grill with a blue basket of food in her hands.;A woman holding a blue basket full of easter eggs outside of a church.
neutral;A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond.;A car gets stuck in the water.
contradiction;A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond.;A car is in the shop.
entailment;A Land Rover makes its way through a deep pond.;A car drives through the water.
entailment;many people relax in the yard.;A group of people are outside.
neutral;many people relax in the yard.;A family enjoys the sunny day in their backyard.
contradiction;many people relax in the yard.;People watch tv in their living room.
entailment;A car sinking in water.;A car is flooding.
neutral;A car sinking in water.;A car has crashed into a large lake.
contradiction;A car sinking in water.;A truck drives down a country road in the sunshine.
entailment;A man wearing black is playing an electric guitar at a concert.;A man is playing the guitar.
neutral;A man wearing black is playing an electric guitar at a concert.;A man is singing as he plays guitar.
contradiction;A man wearing black is playing an electric guitar at a concert.;A man is playing the piano.
contradiction;A man with wild hair rocks a show playing a guitar center stage.;The bald man played the drums.
entailment;A man with wild hair rocks a show playing a guitar center stage.;A guy stands on stage with his guitar.
neutral;A man with wild hair rocks a show playing a guitar center stage.;One crazy looking man plays in a show.
neutral;woman and child on trolley car labeled Powell and market and bay and taylor;The woman is carrying her child.
entailment;woman and child on trolley car labeled Powell and market and bay and taylor;The woman is on a trolley.
contradiction;woman and child on trolley car labeled Powell and market and bay and taylor;The woman and child are on a subway train.
neutral;Two female medical professionals, one african american& one white, looking over paperwork in a hospital.;Coworkers at at a monthly safety meeting.
contradiction;Two female medical professionals, one african american& one white, looking over paperwork in a hospital.;Coworkers left work and are driving to lunch.
entailment;Two female medical professionals, one african american& one white, looking over paperwork in a hospital.;There are people at work.
neutral;Two ladies are reading through binders.;Two ladies are studying for their final exam.
contradiction;Two ladies are reading through binders.;The girls are watching a movie.
entailment;Two ladies are reading through binders.;Some women are reading.
neutral;A man in the distance is walking past a brick wall painted with words and graffiti.;A man walks away from a wall he has defaced.
contradiction;A man in the distance is walking past a brick wall painted with words and graffiti.;A man sits and reads the graffiti on a wall.
entailment;A man in the distance is walking past a brick wall painted with words and graffiti.;Grafffiti on a brick wall.
contradiction;A woman and a child holding on to the railing while on trolley.;The people are not holding onto anything.
entailment;A woman and a child holding on to the railing while on trolley.;The people are holding onto the rail.
neutral;A woman and a child holding on to the railing while on trolley.;The people are on a trolley in san Francisco.
contradiction;A man in a striped polo shirt is pointing and smiling.;The man is swimming
neutral;A man in a striped polo shirt is pointing and smiling.;The man is outside
entailment;A man in a striped polo shirt is pointing and smiling.;The man seems happy
neutral;A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience.;a bmx pro is doing a triple backflip
contradiction;A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience.;tony hawk is performing a skating trick
entailment;A guy performing a bicycle jump trick for an audience.;a guy is performing a bike trick
entailment;A gray-haired woman in a blue dress coat with snowflakes on it balances something on her head.;The woman is wearing a coat.
contradiction;A gray-haired woman in a blue dress coat with snowflakes on it balances something on her head.;The woman loves her blonde hair.
neutral;A gray-haired woman in a blue dress coat with snowflakes on it balances something on her head.;The woman is guarding herself from the snow.
neutral;Two children play outside in a field.;A brother and sister chase each other in a field.
entailment;Two children play outside in a field.;Kids are playing outdoors.
contradiction;Two children play outside in a field.;Two children are reading at their desks.
contradiction;One man sits inside and plays the banjo, there are trees behind him outside.;A man runs outside.
entailment;One man sits inside and plays the banjo, there are trees behind him outside.;A male sitting indoors.
neutral;One man sits inside and plays the banjo, there are trees behind him outside.;A male plays a banjo while sitting on a sofa.
contradiction;Two children, in colorful outfits, playing in a field with a big rock in the middle.;Don't play with rocks
entailment;Two children, in colorful outfits, playing in a field with a big rock in the middle.;Two kids are playing with a big rock in the field
neutral;Two children, in colorful outfits, playing in a field with a big rock in the middle.;Two kids are playing with a big rock in the field with family
neutral;Two young girls are playing outside in a non-urban environment.;Some girls are running through an open field.
entailment;Two young girls are playing outside in a non-urban environment.;Two girls are playing outside.
contradiction;Two young girls are playing outside in a non-urban environment.;Some girls are running on the sidewalk, next to some parked cars.
contradiction;Two children in hats play in an open, rocky field.;The children are at home eating lunch.
entailment;Two children in hats play in an open, rocky field.;The children are playing in a rocky field.
neutral;Two children in hats play in an open, rocky field.;The children are playing catch.
neutral;A woman wearing a green and pink dress is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants.;The dancing woman is on the grass.
entailment;A woman wearing a green and pink dress is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants.;The woman in green and pink is dancing.
contradiction;A woman wearing a green and pink dress is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants.;The dancing woman is alone in her bedroom.
entailment;Man in gold pants looking at the camera.;Man looking at the camera.
neutral;Man in gold pants looking at the camera.;Man looking at something.
contradiction;Man in gold pants looking at the camera.;Man is walking away to the hall.
entailment;A man in a gold skirt sits in front of the computer.;A man in a gold skirt sitting at his computer watching the computer screen.
neutral;A man in a gold skirt sits in front of the computer.;A man in a golf skirt sitting at his computer typing to his friends online.
contradiction;A man in a gold skirt sits in front of the computer.;A man in blue pants sitting and watching the television.
entailment;Man wearing black t-shirt sitting at a computer desk.;the man is working on the computer
contradiction;Man wearing black t-shirt sitting at a computer desk.;the man called off work and was at the zoo all day
neutral;Man wearing black t-shirt sitting at a computer desk.;the man is doing a project for work
contradiction;A bearded man in a black t-shirt sits in front of a desk holding a computer.;A man is standing in the rain.
entailment;A bearded man in a black t-shirt sits in front of a desk holding a computer.;A man waiting with his computer.
neutral;A bearded man in a black t-shirt sits in front of a desk holding a computer.;A man buying a new laptop.
entailment;A man in a gold foils skirt, sitting at a computer desk, looks at the camera with his hands raised to his face.;a man is looking at his webcam
neutral;A man in a gold foils skirt, sitting at a computer desk, looks at the camera with his hands raised to his face.;he is covering up his face
contradiction;A man in a gold foils skirt, sitting at a computer desk, looks at the camera with his hands raised to his face.;a man is sticking his tongue out
entailment;A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head;A young girl has a bowl on her head
neutral;A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head;A toddler dumped her bowl of spaghetti on her head
contradiction;A young girl sitting at a table with a bowl on her head;A man is eating cereal in his car
neutral;A man dances with a fire baton at night.;the crowd cheers as he peforms
contradiction;A man dances with a fire baton at night.;the woman does a hula dance
entailment;A man dances with a fire baton at night.;the man is dancing
entailment;A doctor checks the stomach of a toddler.;The toddler is getting a checkup.
contradiction;A doctor checks the stomach of a toddler.;The doctor is looking inside the toddler's mouth.
neutral;A doctor checks the stomach of a toddler.;The toddle might be sick.
neutral;Young blond woman putting her foot into a water fountain;A young woman wearing an evening gown, and holding her shoes in her hands, is dipping one foot into Buckingham Fountain in Chicago.
contradiction;Young blond woman putting her foot into a water fountain;A young blond woman is sitting down on a beach chair.
entailment;Young blond woman putting her foot into a water fountain;A person is dipping her foot into water.
contradiction;A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain.;The woman is riding a train.
entailment;A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain.;A woman is near a fountain.
entailment;A young woman tries to stick her foot in a fountain.;The woman has one foot in the air.
contradiction;A woman in capri jeans crouches on the edge of a fountain with her left foot kicked out to touch the falling water.;A woman is walking in park
neutral;A woman in capri jeans crouches on the edge of a fountain with her left foot kicked out to touch the falling water.;A woman is very eager to touch the water
entailment;A woman in capri jeans crouches on the edge of a fountain with her left foot kicked out to touch the falling water.;A woman is like to touch the water in fountain
entailment;Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water.;A woman stand on a fountain and dips her toes in.
contradiction;Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water.;A woman sits on the grassy ground.
neutral;Woman balancing on edge of fountain while sticking her toe in the water.;An old woman stands on a fountain and sticks her toes in.
entailment;A couple strolls arm and arm and hand in hand down a city sidewalk.;The couple is outdoors.
neutral;A couple strolls arm and arm and hand in hand down a city sidewalk.;The couple is married.
contradiction;A couple strolls arm and arm and hand in hand down a city sidewalk.;The couple is having dinner at a restaurant.
entailment;A man stare at a passing couple while walking down the block.;A man stares at a passing couple.
neutral;A man stare at a passing couple while walking down the block.;The man is jealous of the couple.
contradiction;A man stare at a passing couple while walking down the block.;The woman stares at a couple as they argue down the block.
neutral;a couple are holding hands behind their backs while walking down a street, and the man has his arm around her shoulder.;couple walking home
entailment;a couple are holding hands behind their backs while walking down a street, and the man has his arm around her shoulder.;couple walking
contradiction;a couple are holding hands behind their backs while walking down a street, and the man has his arm around her shoulder.;bear in zoo
contradiction;A man and a woman are holding hands as they walk along a city sidewalk.;A married couple are fighting on the sidewalk.
neutral;A man and a woman are holding hands as they walk along a city sidewalk.;A married couple are holding hands as they walk along the city sidewalk.
entailment;A man and a woman are holding hands as they walk along a city sidewalk.;A man and a woman are holding hands.
contradiction;a man in red stands with his child at the beach.;A man wearing blue sleeping with his child in his lap inside his home.
neutral;a man in red stands with his child at the beach.;A man wearing red standing with his child at a beach overlooking the ocean.
neutral;a man in red stands with his child at the beach.;A man wearing red standing with his child as they watch others build sand castles at the beach.
entailment;New sport is being played to show appreciation to the kids who can not walk.;People are playing a sport in honor of crippled people.
contradiction;New sport is being played to show appreciation to the kids who can not walk.;People are playing football without gear.
neutral;New sport is being played to show appreciation to the kids who can not walk.;People a playing a sport to help fund a crippled people fund.
neutral;Two men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.;Two sad men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.
entailment;Two men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.;Two people in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.
contradiction;Two men in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.;Two women in wheelchairs are reaching in the air for a basketball.
neutral;Three wheelchair basketball players wearing team uniforms are attempting to reach the descending basketball with other players in the background.;Some wheelchair basketball players playing the basketball match.
entailment;Three wheelchair basketball players wearing team uniforms are attempting to reach the descending basketball with other players in the background.;Three wheelchair basketball players playing basketball in field.
contradiction;Three wheelchair basketball players wearing team uniforms are attempting to reach the descending basketball with other players in the background.;A peoples are taking coffee together at coffeshop.
contradiction;Four guys in wheelchairs on a basketball court two are trying to grab a basketball in midair.;Four guys are playing cards.
entailment;Four guys in wheelchairs on a basketball court two are trying to grab a basketball in midair.;Four guys are playing basketball.
neutral;Four guys in wheelchairs on a basketball court two are trying to grab a basketball in midair.;The four players are handicapped.
contradiction;Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other.;the dogs are fighting
entailment;Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other.;there are three dogs
neutral;Three dogs in different shades of brown and white biting and licking each other.;the dog playing
neutral;Two dogs playfully bite a third dog, which has its tongue sticking out.;Two puppies bite their mother, while she pants.
contradiction;Two dogs playfully bite a third dog, which has its tongue sticking out.;Two dogs are sleeping while a third eats its food.
entailment;Two dogs playfully bite a third dog, which has its tongue sticking out.;A pair of dogs tease a third with nibbles.
contradiction;Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass.;The puppies are sleeping in a basket.
neutral;Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass.;They are playing at the dog park.
entailment;Three small puppies bite and play together in the grass.;Three puppies are playing outside.
neutral;Two dogs biting another dog in a field.;dogs bitting
entailment;Two dogs biting another dog in a field.;dogs attacking another dog
contradiction;Two dogs biting another dog in a field.;dog sitting in filed
contradiction;Tourists waiting at a train stop.;Tourist walking around an art museum.
neutral;Tourists waiting at a train stop.;A group of tourist waiting for a train outside.
entailment;Tourists waiting at a train stop.;A group of tourist waiting for a train at a train station.
entailment;A doctor in blue scrubs is performing an operation assisted by two men and a woman.;a old man was talking
contradiction;A doctor in blue scrubs is performing an operation assisted by two men and a woman.;the boys were angry
neutral;A doctor in blue scrubs is performing an operation assisted by two men and a woman.;the child was happy
neutral;A woman with a black jacket walks past an outdoor movie poster.;A female is leaving a movie theatre.
entailment;A woman with a black jacket walks past an outdoor movie poster.;A woman walking outside.
contradiction;A woman with a black jacket walks past an outdoor movie poster.;A woman is cleaning up.
entailment;A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men.;A man stands.
contradiction;A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men.;My love's like a red, red wig.
neutral;A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men.;Others are nearby.
contradiction;Indian lady and a guy in a blue suit dancing in the sunlight.;A woman eats a pickle.
entailment;Indian lady and a guy in a blue suit dancing in the sunlight.;Two people dancing outdoors.
neutral;Indian lady and a guy in a blue suit dancing in the sunlight.;Two people dancing while a band performs.
entailment;Two older men are talking.;Two people are having a conversation.
neutral;Two older men are talking.;Men are exchanging ideas.
contradiction;Two older men are talking.;A crowd is talking over each other.
neutral;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;They are going fast.
entailment;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;A biker is doing jumps by trees.
contradiction;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;They aren't on bikes.
neutral;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;A person is trying to learn new tricks on their bike.
entailment;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;The biker is jumping into a hole.
entailment;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;A person rides a bike outdoors.
neutral;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;The biker can be a man or a woman
entailment;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;There's a biker
neutral;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;A biker is doing jumps in a wooded area.
neutral;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;The biker is using a small bike to jump a hole.
entailment;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;They are avoiding trees.
contradiction;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;The mountain biker is going on a desert trail.
contradiction;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;The biker is trying to jump over a volcano.
contradiction;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;He's indoors
contradiction;A mountain biker jumping a slope outdoors in a forest area.;A person is riding in a bobsled.
neutral;Two older men in winter coats talking outside of a shop with a grassy lawn covered in a light coat of snow in front of it.;The old men are discussing the weather.
entailment;Two older men in winter coats talking outside of a shop with a grassy lawn covered in a light coat of snow in front of it.;Two old men in winter coats talk outside.
contradiction;Two older men in winter coats talking outside of a shop with a grassy lawn covered in a light coat of snow in front of it.;The old men are wearing raincoats.
contradiction;Two elderly men having a conversation, snow covered grass in the background.;The men are drinking coffee and having some cookies
contradiction;Two elderly men having a conversation, snow covered grass in the background.;The men are sleeping
entailment;Two elderly men having a conversation, snow covered grass in the background.;There are two men outside in this picture
neutral;Two men are standing outside and snow is on the ground.;Two men preparing for a snowball fight.
entailment;Two men are standing outside and snow is on the ground.;People are near snow.
contradiction;Two men are standing outside and snow is on the ground.;Men making snow angels.
contradiction;Two older men in coats are standing outside.;These men never wore coats.
entailment;Two older men in coats are standing outside.;They are outside wearing coats.
neutral;Two older men in coats are standing outside.;It is cold, but they went outside anyway.
contradiction;A gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion.;A woman is brushing her hair in her bedroom.
entailment;A gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion.;A man is holding an accordian.
neutral;A gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion.;A man is looking at a hundreds of dollars.
neutral;BMX biker jumps over a ravine.;ravine jumping is never easy
entailment;BMX biker jumps over a ravine.;there is a bmx biker who is perfect in ravine jumping
contradiction;BMX biker jumps over a ravine.;anybody can do ravine jumping
neutral;A white bike is tied to a street sign.;the bike is tied to a stop sign
contradiction;A white bike is tied to a street sign.;the car is parked at the sign
entailment;A white bike is tied to a street sign.;the bike is tied to a sign
contradiction;A white bike is leaning against a post.;A bike is on the ground about to be reparied
neutral;A white bike is leaning against a post.;A bike with a flat tire is not being ridden
entailment;A white bike is leaning against a post.;A bike it outside
contradiction;The boy locked the cycle and went away.;A boy riding a bike.
entailment;The boy locked the cycle and went away.;A boy walking away.
neutral;The boy locked the cycle and went away.;A bicycle chained up with a boy walking away.
entailment;A crowded city during daytime.;A city filled with people in the middle of the daytime.
contradiction;A crowded city during daytime.;A abandoned city at the edge of the world.
neutral;A crowded city during daytime.;A crowded city filled with many cars on a warm summer day.
neutral;People walking around in a big city.;People are walking to the park.
entailment;People walking around in a big city.;People are outside.
contradiction;People walking around in a big city.;The people are asleep.
entailment;A busy city that looks like New York City.;The city has a lot of people in it.
neutral;A busy city that looks like New York City.;The city is very large.
contradiction;A busy city that looks like New York City.;The city looks like Lawrence, Kansas.
entailment;A view of buildings and people walking across the streets in Times Square, New York City.;There is a city.
contradiction;A view of buildings and people walking across the streets in Times Square, New York City.;The field of poppies is perfectly still.
neutral;A view of buildings and people walking across the streets in Times Square, New York City.;Times Square in New York City is full of people and bustling with noise and activity.
contradiction;A woman is making a clay pot.;A man is painting a painting.
neutral;A woman is making a clay pot.;A woman is making a flower pot.
entailment;A woman is making a clay pot.;An artist is sculpting with clay.
neutral;A barber waiting for customers.;A barber is inside his shop standing in the front.
entailment;A barber waiting for customers.;A barber is at work.
contradiction;A barber waiting for customers.;The barber is closing the shop at the end of the day.
entailment;A man sitting in a barber shop.;There is an individual waiting indoors.
neutral;A man sitting in a barber shop.;A man is waiting to get his haircut.
contradiction;A man sitting in a barber shop.;A man is brushing his teeth.
neutral;A woman preparing to glaze a bowl.;A woman happily preparing to glaze
contradiction;A woman preparing to glaze a bowl.;A woman not preparing to glaze
entailment;A woman preparing to glaze a bowl.;A woman preparing to glaze
contradiction;A woman wearing an apron inspects a large pot on a table filled with cups, bowls, pots and baskets of assorted size.;A woman wearing gloves is washing dishes.
neutral;A woman wearing an apron inspects a large pot on a table filled with cups, bowls, pots and baskets of assorted size.;A woman wearing a red apron inspects a large black pot on a table filled with cups, bowls, pots and baskets of assorted size.
entailment;A woman wearing an apron inspects a large pot on a table filled with cups, bowls, pots and baskets of assorted size.;A woman is wearing an apron.
contradiction;A model posing to look as if she's a real female soccer player.;A man is modeling for a cooking show.
neutral;A model posing to look as if she's a real female soccer player.;A woman is trying to model for a sports magazine.
entailment;A model posing to look as if she's a real female soccer player.;A model is doing a shoot.
entailment;Firemen emerge from a subway station.;Firemen walking outside
contradiction;Firemen emerge from a subway station.;The station is empty
neutral;Firemen emerge from a subway station.;The firemen are not working
entailment;Exhausted looking firemen are walking.;Firemen are walking.
neutral;Exhausted looking firemen are walking.;Exhausted looking firemen are walking back to the fire station to rest.
contradiction;Exhausted looking firemen are walking.;Determined looking firemen are running into a burning building.
contradiction;Three firefighters, the nearest firefighter is holding a helmet in his left hand.;Three man are holding axes in their left hands.
neutral;Three firefighters, the nearest firefighter is holding a helmet in his left hand.;The three firefighters are discussing sports.
entailment;Three firefighters, the nearest firefighter is holding a helmet in his left hand.;The firemen are gathered one is holding his helmet.
neutral;A man walking along side a clean up crew.;The man directed the clean up crew where to go.
contradiction;A man walking along side a clean up crew.;The woman jogged alongside the crew.
entailment;A man walking along side a clean up crew.;The man walked alongside the crew.
contradiction;A little boy swims underwater.;A boy floats on top of water.
neutral;A little boy swims underwater.;A little boy swimming at a beach.
entailment;A little boy swims underwater.;A child swimming.
contradiction;A driver is racing his Ford vehicle on a gravel track.;A man has parked his truck.
entailment;A driver is racing his Ford vehicle on a gravel track.;A Ford is being driven on a track.
neutral;A driver is racing his Ford vehicle on a gravel track.;A man is racing his truck.
contradiction;Three guys and a girl are all jumping in a pool together.;The people are all climbing out of the water.
entailment;Three guys and a girl are all jumping in a pool together.;The people are all jumping into a body of water.
neutral;Three guys and a girl are all jumping in a pool together.;The people are all friends.
neutral;A little boy underwater in a pool, holding a plastic dinosaur.;The toy is waterproof.
contradiction;A little boy underwater in a pool, holding a plastic dinosaur.;The Lone Ranger swims again.
entailment;A little boy underwater in a pool, holding a plastic dinosaur.;Small boy in pool holds toy.
contradiction;A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.;A little boy is chasing a dog.
neutral;A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.;A little boy is holding a pool ring.
entailment;A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.;A little boy is underwater.
neutral;A man wearing a white shire shirt and hate is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo.;A man is riding in his first rodeo.
contradiction;A man wearing a white shire shirt and hate is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo.;A rodeo clown chases a bull.
entailment;A man wearing a white shire shirt and hate is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo.;A man is being bucked on a horse.
entailment;A saddle bronc rider gets lifted out of the saddle, but keeps his grip during his ride.;The man rides an animal.
neutral;A saddle bronc rider gets lifted out of the saddle, but keeps his grip during his ride.;The man is trying not to fall.
contradiction;A saddle bronc rider gets lifted out of the saddle, but keeps his grip during his ride.;The man is riding a motorcycle.
neutral;a woman with a straw hat working on a strange machine with coconuts at her side.;A woman is using a machine to make coconut milk.
contradiction;a woman with a straw hat working on a strange machine with coconuts at her side.;A woman is sitting on the couch.
entailment;a woman with a straw hat working on a strange machine with coconuts at her side.;A woman is at a machine.
contradiction;A man wearing a rice hat is shucking corn using a corn shucker and is surrounded by trees.;The man is boiling a pot of corn.
entailment;A man wearing a rice hat is shucking corn using a corn shucker and is surrounded by trees.;There is a person processing vegetables.
neutral;A man wearing a rice hat is shucking corn using a corn shucker and is surrounded by trees.;A man is shucking a large pile of corn.
neutral;a woman wearing a Chinese straw hat operating some sort of stainless steel machine in what appears to be a park.;The woman is making jewelry at the park.
contradiction;a woman wearing a Chinese straw hat operating some sort of stainless steel machine in what appears to be a park.;The woman has a small child trapped in the machine who sews clothes.
entailment;a woman wearing a Chinese straw hat operating some sort of stainless steel machine in what appears to be a park.;The woman is outdoors with a machine.
contradiction;A woman on the side of a street is making food on her cart.;A child is wearing a bandana.
neutral;A woman on the side of a street is making food on her cart.;A person is cooking mexican food.
entailment;A woman on the side of a street is making food on her cart.;A person is cooking.
contradiction;A man in blue shorts and without a shirt is jogging down the road while listening to his iPod.;The man is wearing a blue shirt.
entailment;A man in blue shorts and without a shirt is jogging down the road while listening to his iPod.;The man is running.
neutral;A man in blue shorts and without a shirt is jogging down the road while listening to his iPod.;The man is wearing headphones.
entailment;Women exercising one woman has a green mat and black outfit on.;The women are exercising.
contradiction;Women exercising one woman has a green mat and black outfit on.;The women are both dressing in green.
neutral;Women exercising one woman has a green mat and black outfit on.;The women are doing yoga.
neutral;Students practicing yoga in a class setting.;The students are taking a beginners' yoga class.
contradiction;Students practicing yoga in a class setting.;The students solve equations on the board.
entailment;Students practicing yoga in a class setting.;A yoga class is in progress.
neutral;People are stretching on yoga mats.;They stretched on yoga mats outside.
entailment;People are stretching on yoga mats.;The people stretched on yoga mats.
contradiction;People are stretching on yoga mats.;They stretched on bikes.
entailment;A group of people are doing yoga.;The people are doing yoga
neutral;A group of people are doing yoga.;The people are working out
contradiction;A group of people are doing yoga.;The people are sleep.
contradiction;Motorcyclist performing while two men watch.;Two women are walking with strollers.
entailment;Motorcyclist performing while two men watch.;Men watching motorcyclist.
neutral;Motorcyclist performing while two men watch.;Motorcylist performing in annual race.
contradiction;The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.;The girls are climbing a tree
neutral;The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.;There is a young person talking with others near the bustop
entailment;The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.;there is a group of people waiting outside
entailment;Two people pose for the camera.;People pose for a picture.
neutral;Two people pose for the camera.;People pose for a family picture.
contradiction;Two people pose for the camera.;Two people are yelling.
entailment;A man is sleeping on the grass.;The man is laying down to sleep
contradiction;A man is sleeping on the grass.;The man is checking into a 4 star hotel
neutral;A man is sleeping on the grass.;The man is sleeping on the grass because he is homeless
entailment;A white and brown dog is leaping through the air.;The white and brown dog is in the air.
contradiction;A white and brown dog is leaping through the air.;The dog is taking a nap.
neutral;A white and brown dog is leaping through the air.;The dog is catching a frisbee.
contradiction;A row of legs and black boots with a boy sitting at the end of the row.;A young boy eats a sandwich.
neutral;A row of legs and black boots with a boy sitting at the end of the row.;A young boy sits on the ground in a family picture.
entailment;A row of legs and black boots with a boy sitting at the end of the row.;A boy sits at peoples feet.
entailment;A man in blue lies on a mostly-barren patch of grass while small groups of people congregate in the distance.;A man is wearing blue.
neutral;A man in blue lies on a mostly-barren patch of grass while small groups of people congregate in the distance.;The man is tired.
contradiction;A man in blue lies on a mostly-barren patch of grass while small groups of people congregate in the distance.;The man is drinking a beer in a pub.
contradiction;Various people hanging around outside of a building.;The people are inside playing soccer.
neutral;Various people hanging around outside of a building.;The people are on lunch break.
entailment;Various people hanging around outside of a building.;There are a group of people are standing outside.
entailment;A little girl follows two guys with umbrellas down a path.;The people are outside.
contradiction;A little girl follows two guys with umbrellas down a path.;The little girl is riding a horse.
neutral;A little girl follows two guys with umbrellas down a path.;The people are walking home in the rain.
entailment;A lady is on the floor packing a suitcase.;She is packing.
neutral;A lady is on the floor packing a suitcase.;The girl is going on a trip.
contradiction;A lady is on the floor packing a suitcase.;The woman is standing up unpacking.
entailment;Little girl in a blue and yellow plaid outfit and blue hat is running along the trail.;A girl is running on the trail.
contradiction;Little girl in a blue and yellow plaid outfit and blue hat is running along the trail.;A boy is hiking on the trail.
neutral;Little girl in a blue and yellow plaid outfit and blue hat is running along the trail.;A girl is running downhill on the trail.
entailment;Little girl walking along a dirt, rock, and grass path wearing a blue hat many steps behind two people wearing backpacks and holding umbrellas.;3 people are walking along a path.
contradiction;Little girl walking along a dirt, rock, and grass path wearing a blue hat many steps behind two people wearing backpacks and holding umbrellas.;2 people are on the path.
neutral;Little girl walking along a dirt, rock, and grass path wearing a blue hat many steps behind two people wearing backpacks and holding umbrellas.;three people are walking along a path trying to get home before the storm hits.
entailment;The blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase.;A blonde woman looks for things in a suitcase.
neutral;The blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase.;A blonde woman looks for medical supplies for work in a suitcase.
contradiction;The blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase.;A brunette woman checks her suitcase before boarding a plane.
neutral;Stacks of neatly folded clothing cover most of this floor while a woman with a beige shirt and jeans busily fills a suitcase.;A woman is packing for a trip.
contradiction;Stacks of neatly folded clothing cover most of this floor while a woman with a beige shirt and jeans busily fills a suitcase.;A man is packing his golf clubs.
entailment;Stacks of neatly folded clothing cover most of this floor while a woman with a beige shirt and jeans busily fills a suitcase.;A woman is filling a suitcase.
contradiction;A young woman packs belongings into a black suitcase.;A young man packs belongings into a black trash bag.
neutral;A young woman packs belongings into a black suitcase.;A young woman distributes belongings into a black box.
entailment;A young woman packs belongings into a black suitcase.;A young woman packs belongings into a black luggage carrier.
neutral;People going for a long walk to the mountains.;The people are walking in a big group.
contradiction;People going for a long walk to the mountains.;The people are running towards the mountains.
entailment;People going for a long walk to the mountains.;The people are walking outdoors.
neutral;A man resting on a street.;A man sitting on a street.
contradiction;A man resting on a street.;A man jogging on the street.
entailment;A man resting on a street.;A man resting on a street.
neutral;A woman in costume is marching with a large drum.;Highschool homcoming marching band is marching.
contradiction;A woman in costume is marching with a large drum.;The drum lady drive a bus.
entailment;A woman in costume is marching with a large drum.;She plays in a band.
entailment;A man carrying a load of fresh direct boxes on car with wheels in the city streets, as a woman walks towards him.;Someone is toting packages in an urban setting.
contradiction;A man carrying a load of fresh direct boxes on car with wheels in the city streets, as a woman walks towards him.;A young lad delivers groceries by bicycle in the city.
neutral;A man carrying a load of fresh direct boxes on car with wheels in the city streets, as a woman walks towards him.;A man delivers groceries to shut-in seniors in the city.
entailment;a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie.;A man doing a wheelie
contradiction;a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie.;A man standing beside a crashed motorcycle
entailment;a motorcyclist does a nose wheelie.;A motorcyclist doing a wheelie
neutral;A man sitting on a scooter on the curb.;A man is waiting for someone to fix his scooter.
entailment;A man sitting on a scooter on the curb.;A man is outside, near the street.
contradiction;A man sitting on a scooter on the curb.;A man is relaxing at the bar.
contradiction;A man stopping on the sidewalk with his bike to have a smoke.;The man is playing basketball.
entailment;A man stopping on the sidewalk with his bike to have a smoke.;The man is standing.
neutral;A man stopping on the sidewalk with his bike to have a smoke.;The man is lighting a cigarette.
entailment;A man is sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk.;A man is sitting on a motorcycle.
neutral;A man is sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk.;A man is sitting on a motorcycle and drives away.
contradiction;A man is sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk.;A man in black is playing with his cat on Sunday.
neutral;Man smokes while sitting on a parked scooter.;A man smokes a cigarette while sitting on his scooter.
contradiction;Man smokes while sitting on a parked scooter.;The man drinks a beer while sitting in his car.
entailment;Man smokes while sitting on a parked scooter.;The man is smoking something while sitting on the scooter.
neutral;Man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle.;A man on the motorcycle
entailment;Man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle.;Man sitting on a motorcycle on the sidewalk
contradiction;Man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle.;A man driving his car
contradiction;A couple, wearing black, burgundy, and white, dance.;The woman danced alone.
entailment;A couple, wearing black, burgundy, and white, dance.;The couple danced.
neutral;A couple, wearing black, burgundy, and white, dance.;The couple danced in the competition.
neutral;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;People are running for a charity.
neutral;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;the runners waited to start the olympic race
contradiction;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;People wearing pink and purple get ready for a race
neutral;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;People wearing their bright team uniforms await the pistol that signifies the start of their race
contradiction;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;People are having a cook off.
neutral;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;People in orange vests await the beginning of a race to win first prize.
entailment;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;People wait for a race to begin.
neutral;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;The people waiting are part of the race.
contradiction;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;the athlete backflips off of a mountain
contradiction;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;People in orange vests are racing in a race that has started.
entailment;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;People in orange vests await the beginning of a race.
entailment;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;People are wearing colorful clothes
contradiction;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;People are racing backwards through Hell.
entailment;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;People are waiting for a race.
entailment;People in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.;the runners waited to start the race
neutral;A young man and young lady dancing on a carpeted floor with a picture from the movie Toy Story on a big screen in the background.;They movie is very loud in the background.
contradiction;A young man and young lady dancing on a carpeted floor with a picture from the movie Toy Story on a big screen in the background.;The people dance on the sidewalk.
entailment;A young man and young lady dancing on a carpeted floor with a picture from the movie Toy Story on a big screen in the background.;The two people are dancing.
neutral;The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail.;The skier is in a competition.
entailment;The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail.;The skier is wearing a jumpsuit.
contradiction;The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail.;The skateboard is wearing a blue jumpsuit.
entailment;A track event held by J.P. Morgan Chase with security.;J.P. Morgan Chase held a track event.
contradiction;A track event held by J.P. Morgan Chase with security.;The track event has no security.
neutral;A track event held by J.P. Morgan Chase with security.;Security guards are searching for weapons at a track event.
neutral;Two people dancing, wearing dance costumes.;The couple are dancing together.
entailment;Two people dancing, wearing dance costumes.;The people are moving.
contradiction;Two people dancing, wearing dance costumes.;Two people are eating dinner.
contradiction;An english farmer with a horse pulled wagon.;There is a farmer laying down outdoors
entailment;An english farmer with a horse pulled wagon.;There is a farmer with a horse wagon
neutral;An english farmer with a horse pulled wagon.;There is a farmer riding a wagon outdoors
contradiction;Children's soccer game being played while the sun sets in the background.;Old men playing soccer while the sun sets.
entailment;Children's soccer game being played while the sun sets in the background.;Children playing soccer while the sun sets.
neutral;Children's soccer game being played while the sun sets in the background.;Girls playing soccer while the sun sets.
contradiction;A soccer game played by a blue team and a red team on a perfectly manicured field at dusk.;No one is playing soccer.
neutral;A soccer game played by a blue team and a red team on a perfectly manicured field at dusk.;People are playing soccer for a competition.
entailment;A soccer game played by a blue team and a red team on a perfectly manicured field at dusk.;People are playing soccer.
neutral;Two soccer teams are competing on a soccer field.;Two skilled soccer teams are competing against one another for the championship.
entailment;Two soccer teams are competing on a soccer field.;There is a soccer game.
contradiction;Two soccer teams are competing on a soccer field.;Two baseball teams are competing.
entailment;Soccer teams play on a field as the sun sets behind a line of trees.;Soccer teams are competing outdoors.
contradiction;Soccer teams play on a field as the sun sets behind a line of trees.;A football team is playing hockey against a soccer team in an ice rink.
neutral;Soccer teams play on a field as the sun sets behind a line of trees.;A soccer team is about to win a soccer game.
contradiction;two men serving preparing food.;Two men riding bikes.
neutral;two men serving preparing food.;Two men wearing aprons.
entailment;two men serving preparing food.;Two men serving food.
entailment;A soccer game occurring at sunset.;a sports game is being played
neutral;A soccer game occurring at sunset.;the world cup is being played
contradiction;A soccer game occurring at sunset.;a basketball game is ocurring at sunrise
contradiction;White small child wearing a brown and gray striped hoodie plays at park.;A small child is playing video games in his bedroom.
entailment;White small child wearing a brown and gray striped hoodie plays at park.;A child plays at a park.
neutral;White small child wearing a brown and gray striped hoodie plays at park.;A small boy is playing tag at a park with his friends.
entailment;A little boy in brown pants is playing on ropes at a park.;There is a little boy in brown pants.
contradiction;A little boy in brown pants is playing on ropes at a park.;There is a little girl in red pants.
neutral;A little boy in brown pants is playing on ropes at a park.;There is a little boy who likes the color brown.
neutral;Toddler in striped sweatshirt plays on rope on playground.;A child takes a break from school.
contradiction;Toddler in striped sweatshirt plays on rope on playground.;A child is napping.
entailment;Toddler in striped sweatshirt plays on rope on playground.;A child plays on a playground.
-;A woman wearing a pink hat is looking at a pink car with the truck open.;The woman is wearing clothes.
neutral;A woman wearing a pink hat is looking at a pink car with the truck open.;The woman is wondering if she left her car open.
contradiction;A woman wearing a pink hat is looking at a pink car with the truck open.;The woman is wearing a grocery bag to her car.
neutral;A man in a blue shirt is looking up.;A man in a blue shirt is looking up at a dog.
contradiction;A man in a blue shirt is looking up.;A man in a red shirt is looking up.
entailment;A man in a blue shirt is looking up.;A person looks up.
entailment;Three girls on an amusement ride enjoying themselves.;There are three girls
contradiction;Three girls on an amusement ride enjoying themselves.;The girls are at home
neutral;Three girls on an amusement ride enjoying themselves.;The girls like amusment parks
neutral;Woman at Walmart check-out having her groceries bagged by an employee.;The woman bought unhealthy food
contradiction;Woman at Walmart check-out having her groceries bagged by an employee.;The woman is in Target
entailment;Woman at Walmart check-out having her groceries bagged by an employee.;A woman is in Walmart
contradiction;Brown dog treads through water.;Brown dog is sleeping next to the water
entailment;Brown dog treads through water.;Brown dog treads through water as he is soaked in water
neutral;Brown dog treads through water.;Brown dog treads through water as he swims towards shore
contradiction;A woman is waiting with children as she is checked out at Walmart.;A woman is standing at the counter at Target.
entailment;A woman is waiting with children as she is checked out at Walmart.;A woman has children with her at the check out counter.
neutral;A woman is waiting with children as she is checked out at Walmart.;A woman has three children with her.
neutral;A blond woman with two children is checking out at a Walmart register.;A mother is with her two children at Walmart buying food
contradiction;A blond woman with two children is checking out at a Walmart register.;Food makes people hungry
entailment;A blond woman with two children is checking out at a Walmart register.;A mother is with her two children at walmart
contradiction;A woman sitting in a laundromat looking at the camera.;A monkey is eating a banana.
neutral;A woman sitting in a laundromat looking at the camera.;A woman is modeling appliances for the camera.
entailment;A woman sitting in a laundromat looking at the camera.;There is a woman in a room.
neutral;A young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat.;A boy is boating in a pond.
entailment;A young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat.;A boy is in a boat.
contradiction;A young boy paddles across the water in a makeshift boat.;A boy is swimming.
neutral;A baseball player is about to throw a baseball.;A baseball playing is throwing a ball
entailment;A baseball player is about to throw a baseball.;A baseball player is swinging to hit the ball.
contradiction;A baseball player is about to throw a baseball.;A baseball is broken
neutral;A dog zips along the beach.;A dog is chasing a ball on the beach.
contradiction;A dog zips along the beach.;A dog is sleeping in the living room.
entailment;A dog zips along the beach.;A dog is outside.
contradiction;A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.;A dog is running up the stairs at home.
neutral;A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.;A dog is running with his owner outside.
entailment;A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.;A dog is running outside.
entailment;A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach.;A dog runs across the beach.
neutral;A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach.;A dog chases birds on the beach.
contradiction;A fuzzy white lap dog runs along a rocky beach.;A dog snuggle down under blankets on the couch.
entailment;A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach.;A dog on the beach.
contradiction;A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach.;A seagull on the dock.
neutral;A small white dog running on a pebble covered beach.;A dog runs after his boy and the frisbee.
neutral;A baseball player is putting all his might in to throwing a ball.;Player is giving the ball away
entailment;A baseball player is putting all his might in to throwing a ball.;Pitcher is winding up a throw
contradiction;A baseball player is putting all his might in to throwing a ball.;The player tossed the football
neutral;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;The cheerleaders are wearing blue.
contradiction;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;An empty field.
entailment;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;Some people are cheering on a field.
neutral;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;Cheerleaders are waiting for the game to begin.
contradiction;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;The football player killed the cheerleader with his bullet pass.
neutral;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;The Dallas Cowboys' cheerleaders are trying to pump-up the crowd.
entailment;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;There are people outdoors.
entailment;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;Cheerleaders cheer on a field for an activity.
entailment;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;People cheering.
contradiction;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;People sit on the snow-covered bench.
entailment;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;Cheerleaders cheering.
contradiction;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;Some football players are practicing a running play.
neutral;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;The cheerleaders cheer for the start of the big game.
neutral;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;Cheerleaders cheer for the football team.
contradiction;Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.;An old man wearing a diaper.
contradiction;A woman holding a boombox.;A man holding a boombox.
neutral;A woman holding a boombox.;A sad woman holding a boombox.
entailment;A woman holding a boombox.;A person holding a boombox.
entailment;A woman in a blue shirt and green hat looks up at the camera.;A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat looks at the camera
neutral;A woman in a blue shirt and green hat looks up at the camera.;A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat smiles at the camera
contradiction;A woman in a blue shirt and green hat looks up at the camera.;A woman wearing a blue shirt and green hat is on her cellphone
neutral;Cheerleaders are doing a cheer at a football field.;The cheerleaders are wearing black and red uniforms.
entailment;Cheerleaders are doing a cheer at a football field.;The cheerleaders are wearing clothes.
contradiction;Cheerleaders are doing a cheer at a football field.;The cheerleaders are at the basketball arena.
entailment;An excited, smiling woman stands at a red railing as she holds a boombox to one side.;A human standing.
neutral;An excited, smiling woman stands at a red railing as she holds a boombox to one side.;A tall human stanindg.
contradiction;An excited, smiling woman stands at a red railing as she holds a boombox to one side.;Nobody is standing.
entailment;A lady is kneeling wearing a blue shirt.;A lady is close to the floor.
neutral;A lady is kneeling wearing a blue shirt.;A lady is kneeling before the priest at church.
contradiction;A lady is kneeling wearing a blue shirt.;The woman is doing jumping jacks outside.
entailment;The silhouette of three people in front of a wall.;The people are by the wall.
contradiction;The silhouette of three people in front of a wall.;The people are running down the country road.
neutral;The silhouette of three people in front of a wall.;The wall is painted.
neutral;Two people wearing blue clothing are making hand gestures next to one another.;A man and a woman are standing next to each other and communicating through sign language.
contradiction;Two people wearing blue clothing are making hand gestures next to one another.;A man is sitting with his hands in his pockets.
entailment;Two people wearing blue clothing are making hand gestures next to one another.;Two people are next to each other.
entailment;A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water.;the dog is in the water
neutral;A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water.;the dog is swimming by itself
contradiction;A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water.;the dog is eating out of his favorite bowl in the kitchen
entailment;A large group, wearing pink shirts, waves to onlookers.;A crowd gesticulates.
neutral;A large group, wearing pink shirts, waves to onlookers.;They are raising money.
contradiction;A large group, wearing pink shirts, waves to onlookers.;No one is watching them.
neutral;A baby is playing with a strand of beads.;The beads are multi-colored.
contradiction;A baby is playing with a strand of beads.;The baby is sleeping.
entailment;A baby is playing with a strand of beads.;The baby is playing.
contradiction;People are on a stage performing.;people are sleeping
neutral;People are on a stage performing.;people are singing onstage
entailment;People are on a stage performing.;pwople are on stage
contradiction;A woman is running a marathon in a park.;The woman is running in her backyard.
neutral;A woman is running a marathon in a park.;The woman is running fast.
entailment;A woman is running a marathon in a park.;The woman is outdoors.
entailment;A group of people point forwards while performing some kind of act.;A group of people point forwards while doing something.
contradiction;A group of people point forwards while performing some kind of act.;A group of people fight using tigers.
neutral;A group of people point forwards while performing some kind of act.;A group of people point somewhere while speaking.
contradiction;Several people are dancing together in sync.;kids are fighting each other.
neutral;Several people are dancing together in sync.;man and woman dancing together.
entailment;Several people are dancing together in sync.;people are dancing.
entailment;Group of people dancing;people dance together
neutral;Group of people dancing;people are dancing with one another during a religious ritual
contradiction;Group of people dancing;dogs are mating
contradiction;An adult couple enjoys time in a hot tub.;A couple is inside watching TV.
entailment;An adult couple enjoys time in a hot tub.;A couple is in a hot tub.
neutral;An adult couple enjoys time in a hot tub.;A couple is in a hot tub outside.
entailment;An average looking man is playing the guitar.;The man knows how to play guitar.
neutral;An average looking man is playing the guitar.;The man can play the guitar well.
contradiction;An average looking man is playing the guitar.;The man is playing the drums.
neutral;Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.;three dogs are chasing a ball
entailment;Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.;three dogs are outside
contradiction;Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.;three dogs are laying in a couch
contradiction;A man and woman are walking down the street holding hands.;A man and woman are walking down opposite sides of the street.
entailment;A man and woman are walking down the street holding hands.;A couple of people are holding hands while walking.
neutral;A man and woman are walking down the street holding hands.;A newlywed couple hold hands and skip down the street.
neutral;A man is using his computer while seated at a desk.;A man searches the internet sitting down.
contradiction;A man is using his computer while seated at a desk.;A woman drinks a beer at her desk.
entailment;A man is using his computer while seated at a desk.;A man sits at a desk.
entailment;A camera crew is filming two women in formal dresses sitting on a blanket in the middle of a park.;Someone is filming.
contradiction;A camera crew is filming two women in formal dresses sitting on a blanket in the middle of a park.;Everyone wearing formal clothes is inside.
neutral;A camera crew is filming two women in formal dresses sitting on a blanket in the middle of a park.;Someone is operating a microphone.
entailment;man sitting down playing a game of chess alone;A guy playing a board game by himself.
contradiction;man sitting down playing a game of chess alone;The man taking a snooze.
neutral;man sitting down playing a game of chess alone;A human sitting down playing one game of chess alone.
entailment;Young woman running as two guys in the back try to catch up to her.;group of people running
neutral;Young woman running as two guys in the back try to catch up to her.;women runs for her life
contradiction;Young woman running as two guys in the back try to catch up to her.;women has coffee with two guys
neutral;A man in a blue shirt sits outside alone with a chessboard laid out in front of him.;A man in a blue shirt sitting outside behind a large wooden chessboard.
entailment;A man in a blue shirt sits outside alone with a chessboard laid out in front of him.;Someone sitting outside behind a chessboard.
contradiction;A man in a blue shirt sits outside alone with a chessboard laid out in front of him.;Two elderly men playing Scrabble.
neutral;A man dressed in blue shirt and shorts sits at a table while playing black in chess.;Two men are playing chess
contradiction;A man dressed in blue shirt and shorts sits at a table while playing black in chess.;The man is jogging
entailment;A man dressed in blue shirt and shorts sits at a table while playing black in chess.;A man is playing a game
entailment;A young man in a blue blazer and shorts sits alone in front of table with a chess game set up.;A man sits in front of a set up chess game.
neutral;A young man in a blue blazer and shorts sits alone in front of table with a chess game set up.;A man is waiting for his chess opponent to arrive.
contradiction;A young man in a blue blazer and shorts sits alone in front of table with a chess game set up.;A grandma plays a game of connect four at the rotary club meeting.
entailment;A young Asian man sits behind a set chessboard waiting for the other player to arrive.;A young man is sitting.
contradiction;A young Asian man sits behind a set chessboard waiting for the other player to arrive.;A young man is on Mars.
neutral;A young Asian man sits behind a set chessboard waiting for the other player to arrive.;A young man is indoors.
entailment;Two young men drink beer, leaning on a graffitied wall.;The men are drinking.
contradiction;Two young men drink beer, leaning on a graffitied wall.;The men are being sprayed with cans of paint while they are passes out drunk in the alley.
neutral;Two young men drink beer, leaning on a graffitied wall.;The men are standing in urine.
neutral;A man being airlifted to safety after being in danger.;The helicopter is moving people in danger.
entailment;A man being airlifted to safety after being in danger.;A man is being moved.
contradiction;A man being airlifted to safety after being in danger.;The helicopter is putting people in a dangerous area.
contradiction;People in a meeting setting paying attention to a speaker in an orange shirt.;The people are listening to music on their CD players.
entailment;People in a meeting setting paying attention to a speaker in an orange shirt.;The people are listening to a speaker.
neutral;People in a meeting setting paying attention to a speaker in an orange shirt.;The speaker is the people's boss.
contradiction;A meeting of young people sitting at a conference table.;young people are at a party having fun
neutral;A meeting of young people sitting at a conference table.;young people are learning about politics
entailment;A meeting of young people sitting at a conference table.;young people are gathered around a table
neutral;A woman in a red shirt is speaking at a table in a room where three other people are listening to her.;the woman is going to the park.
contradiction;A woman in a red shirt is speaking at a table in a room where three other people are listening to her.;the woman is swimming in the lake.
entailment;A woman in a red shirt is speaking at a table in a room where three other people are listening to her.;the woman is wearing a red shirt.
entailment;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;A woman talks to others indoors.
neutral;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;a woman in an office building talks to a group of three taking notes on a notepad
contradiction;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;a man talks to ducks in a pond
neutral;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;the woman is white
entailment;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;a woman in an office building talks to two other women and a man with notepads
contradiction;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;A woman talks to dogs inside an office building.
contradiction;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;the woman is asleep at home
contradiction;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;The people are outside of the building looking inside.
entailment;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;a woman is talking
neutral;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;A woman talks to others indoors about lunch.
entailment;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;Four people stand near a wall speaking to each other.
contradiction;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;A woman talks to three other women.
neutral;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;A woman happily talks to two other women.
neutral;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;The group are discussing a project.
entailment;A woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.;A woman talks to two other women.
contradiction;A classroom of students discussing lecture.;The students are running in P.E. class.
entailment;A classroom of students discussing lecture.;A classroom is discussing the topics of the day.
neutral;A classroom of students discussing lecture.;The students are discussing the lecture in history class.
neutral;A man holds a clipboard and a pen as a woman looks at them.;The man is working
contradiction;A man holds a clipboard and a pen as a woman looks at them.;The woman is asleep
entailment;A man holds a clipboard and a pen as a woman looks at them.;A woman is looking at a man's possessions
contradiction;A man with a bright green shirt is talking to a woman in a pink shirt.;A couple are eating dinner.
neutral;A man with a bright green shirt is talking to a woman in a pink shirt.;A couple is standing outside.
entailment;A man with a bright green shirt is talking to a woman in a pink shirt.;A couple is talking.
entailment;A man in a green shirt holds out a clipboard for a woman in pink's attention.;A man wants a woman to look at his clipboard
neutral;A man in a green shirt holds out a clipboard for a woman in pink's attention.;a man is trying to get a woman to sign something
contradiction;A man in a green shirt holds out a clipboard for a woman in pink's attention.;A man takes off his shirt to get a womans attention
contradiction;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;A man is wearing a gold shirt
neutral;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;A man shows his boss something on a clipboard.
entailment;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;A man shows a woman something.
entailment;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;The man has something to tell the woman.
entailment;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;Two people are looking at a clipboard.
contradiction;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;The woman is wearing blue.
neutral;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;A man is teaching a woman a concept
entailment;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;There is a man and a woman.
contradiction;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;Two people are looking at notes on an electronic tablet.
contradiction;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;The man is drinking a cup of coffee.
entailment;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;A man is wearing a bright green shirt
neutral;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;The man and the woman are employees at the same business.
neutral;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;A man in a green shirt shows a woman his paychecks on a clipboard.
contradiction;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;The woman shows the man a clipboard.
neutral;A man in a bright green shirt shows a woman in a bright pink shirt something on a clipboard.;The clipboard has writting on it.
neutral;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;A man is showing a woman a funny video on his tablet
neutral;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;The tablet is turned on.
contradiction;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;The man is on another street than the woman.
entailment;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;The man and woman are outdoors.
entailment;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;A man and a woman are outside.
contradiction;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;A man and a woman are eating in a resteraunt.
contradiction;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;A man is stealing a woman's tablet
contradiction;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;A woman shows a cell phone to a person standing nearby.
neutral;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;A couple are using a tablet to watch a video on the street.
entailment;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;A woman is shown a tablet by a man standing on the street.
neutral;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;A man having cell phone in his hand
neutral;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;A man shows directions to a museum on a tablet to a woman nearby.
entailment;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;There are some people in a street
contradiction;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;The man handover the cell phone to the woman
entailment;A man on a street in a bright t-shirt holds some sort of tablet towards a woman in a pink t-shirt and shades.;A man is showing a woman something
neutral;A child with a yellow cup and milk all over his face.;The child spilled his milk.
contradiction;A child with a yellow cup and milk all over his face.;The child has a clean face.
entailment;A child with a yellow cup and milk all over his face.;The child had milk all over his face.
entailment;Two barefoot men are playing on a green lawn outside a building with other people in the background.;Two men are barefoot on the lawn.
contradiction;Two barefoot men are playing on a green lawn outside a building with other people in the background.;Two men in sandles are on the beach.
neutral;Two barefoot men are playing on a green lawn outside a building with other people in the background.;Two men are playing barefoot lawn darts.
entailment;Small laughing child with blond-hair sitting at a table holding a green sippy cup.;The child is happy.
neutral;Small laughing child with blond-hair sitting at a table holding a green sippy cup.;A child is drinking apple juice.
contradiction;Small laughing child with blond-hair sitting at a table holding a green sippy cup.;A child is throwing a tantrum.
neutral;A little boy drinks milk and gets milk all over his face and table.;the kid has milk on his face on a school day
contradiction;A little boy drinks milk and gets milk all over his face and table.;the dog eats mice
entailment;A little boy drinks milk and gets milk all over his face and table.;the kid has milk on his face
neutral;Two pre-teen girls listening to music on an MP3 player with headphones.;The music is loud.
entailment;Two pre-teen girls listening to music on an MP3 player with headphones.;Thre are girls.
contradiction;Two pre-teen girls listening to music on an MP3 player with headphones.;The player is a cd player.
contradiction;A man is running behind a dogsled being pulled by four dogs.;A man is being pulled by himself.
entailment;A man is running behind a dogsled being pulled by four dogs.;A man is running  behind a sled.
neutral;A man is running behind a dogsled being pulled by four dogs.;A man is racing with the dogs.
entailment;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;A child has milk on their face.
entailment;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;A child was making a mess with milk.
contradiction;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;A toddler with juice around his mouth.
contradiction;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;Toddler eating milk.
neutral;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;A child threw up milk on himself.
entailment;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;A child.
entailment;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;Toddler wearing mik
contradiction;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;A man spills beer on his shirt.
entailment;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;The toddler has milk around the corners of his mouth.
contradiction;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;The toddler has icecream around his mouth.
contradiction;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;The child was well groomed.
neutral;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;Toddler drinking milk.
neutral;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;A toddler just drank his first glass of milk.
neutral;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;The child was still unable to drink milk properly.
neutral;Toddler with milk around his mouth.;The toddler with milk around his mouth is making a mess.
contradiction;A man dressed in warm clothing sleds behind four dogs in the snow.;The man is swimming with his dogs.
entailment;A man dressed in warm clothing sleds behind four dogs in the snow.;The man is outside sledding.
neutral;A man dressed in warm clothing sleds behind four dogs in the snow.;The man is sledding in Alaska.
neutral;A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo.;A cowboy with a brown hat is roping a calf in a rodeo.
contradiction;A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo.;A man is working in an office on a laptop.
entailment;A cowboy Roping a calf in a rodeo.;A person is performing.
contradiction;Men fish on a concrete slab.;Men are sleeping in tents.
entailment;Men fish on a concrete slab.;Men are near the water.
neutral;Men fish on a concrete slab.;Men are fishing for trout.
neutral;A man wearing a blue shirt screaming or yelling with his arms raised up in the air.;A man is angry.
entailment;A man wearing a blue shirt screaming or yelling with his arms raised up in the air.;A man makes a ruckus.
contradiction;A man wearing a blue shirt screaming or yelling with his arms raised up in the air.;A man is relaxed.
contradiction;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;one person swims in water
contradiction;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;Four people sitting near the pond.
neutral;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;There is chalk art on the sidewalk.
entailment;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;one person sits while three stand near a body of water.
contradiction;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;People are standing on stairs.
contradiction;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;A group of people are inside a building.
contradiction;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;The sidewalk is desolate and empty.
neutral;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;Four people congregate at the pond.
neutral;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;People are going swimming.
entailment;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;There are people on a sidewalk.
neutral;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;Everyone is wearing a dress.
entailment;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;People are near water.
entailment;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;Four people congregate near the water.
entailment;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;There are people outdoors.
neutral;Four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.;one person rests, sitting down while three others stand near a body of water
neutral;Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks.;Two girls are taking a nap on the carpet.
contradiction;Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks.;Two girls are having a pillow fight.
entailment;Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks.;Two girls lay next to wooden blocks.
entailment;People are fishing and walking next to the water.;People are fishing and walking next to the water.
contradiction;People are fishing and walking next to the water.;People are swimming in the water.
neutral;People are fishing and walking next to the water.;People are enjoying the summer weather fishing.
contradiction;Two guys playing football on a campus green.;They are eating fried fish on the boat
neutral;Two guys playing football on a campus green.;They are practicing before the big game tomorrow
entailment;Two guys playing football on a campus green.;There are some guys in this picture
entailment;Asian school children sitting on each others shoulders.;Schoolchildren together
contradiction;Asian school children sitting on each others shoulders.;Asian factory workers sitting.
neutral;Asian school children sitting on each others shoulders.;Asian schoolchildren are friends
contradiction;A man wearing a red sweater is sitting on a car bumper watching another person work.;vehicles are slow at speed breaker
entailment;A man wearing a red sweater is sitting on a car bumper watching another person work.;there was a speed breaker on the road by which people are taking care
contradiction;A man wearing a red sweater is sitting on a car bumper watching another person work.;people make speed fast at speed breaker.
contradiction;A young woman frolicking on the lawn in front of the us capitol building.;A young woman having a picnic on the lawn in front of the capitol building.
entailment;A young woman frolicking on the lawn in front of the us capitol building.;A young lady playing in front of the capitol building.
neutral;A young woman frolicking on the lawn in front of the us capitol building.;A young lady playing chase in front of the capitol building.
contradiction;a man wearing a multicolored striped shirt playing the guitar on the street;A man is hitting a child
entailment;a man wearing a multicolored striped shirt playing the guitar on the street;A man in a colorful shirt is playing an instrument.
neutral;a man wearing a multicolored striped shirt playing the guitar on the street;A man is performing for money
contradiction;A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street.;Two goldfish are riding bikes in a giant pile of mashed potatoes.
entailment;A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street.;The man is playing music on an instrument.
neutral;A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street.;The man likes to receive attention for his music, which sounds terrible.
entailment;A man wearing a multi-color coat is playing the guitar on the street.;The man plays guitar
contradiction;A man wearing a multi-color coat is playing the guitar on the street.;the woman is getting her nails done
neutral;A man wearing a multi-color coat is playing the guitar on the street.;the man is trying to raise money for drugs
neutral;Street performer in colorful shirt performing with small guitar.;The street performer is singing a song.
contradiction;Street performer in colorful shirt performing with small guitar.;The street performer is sleeping on a park bench.
entailment;Street performer in colorful shirt performing with small guitar.;A street performer is trying to earn extra money.
entailment;Two men are painting a building while a third is walking past on his cellphone.;A building is being painted.
contradiction;Two men are painting a building while a third is walking past on his cellphone.;No one ever comes to this unpainted and dilapidated building.
neutral;Two men are painting a building while a third is walking past on his cellphone.;A supervisor calls in his report on the painting crew.
neutral;Two men are on scaffolding as they paint above a storefront while a man on the sidewalk stands next to them talking on the phone.;Two men are painting their new store.
entailment;Two men are on scaffolding as they paint above a storefront while a man on the sidewalk stands next to them talking on the phone.;Three men are outside.
contradiction;Two men are on scaffolding as they paint above a storefront while a man on the sidewalk stands next to them talking on the phone.;No one is on a phone.
neutral;A blue excavator digging a large hold in cement.;the boy was listening
entailment;A blue excavator digging a large hold in cement.;a child was there
contradiction;A blue excavator digging a large hold in cement.;not watched at alll
entailment;A man with khaki shorts on is holding a little girls hand while she walks in the water of a creek.;A man is holding a girls hand and walking through a creek.
contradiction;A man with khaki shorts on is holding a little girls hand while she walks in the water of a creek.;A man with jean shorts on is holding a little girls hand while she flies a kite.
neutral;A man with khaki shorts on is holding a little girls hand while she walks in the water of a creek.;A man with shorts on is helping a little girl find her way home.
contradiction;Two women are walking down a dirt path carrying loads on their heads.;Two horses running in a field.
entailment;Two women are walking down a dirt path carrying loads on their heads.;Two people are walking down a path.
neutral;Two women are walking down a dirt path carrying loads on their heads.;Two beautiful women wearing white are walking down a dirt path carrying loads of nuts on their heads.
entailment;A street vendor in Asia tries to bring in more customers.;A vendor trying to attract costumers.
neutral;A street vendor in Asia tries to bring in more customers.;A salesman selling items to patrons.
contradiction;A street vendor in Asia tries to bring in more customers.;A man closing his shop for the day.
contradiction;Young woman in a cafe checking her cellphone.;The woman is knitting.
neutral;Young woman in a cafe checking her cellphone.;The girl is texting.
entailment;Young woman in a cafe checking her cellphone.;A woman is inside.
neutral;A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves;A mother and daughter are playing in a field.
entailment;A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves;Two people are outside.
contradiction;A woman and a girl are playing in a field of leaves;A man is playing in a field.
entailment;two small girls walk along the leaves.;The two girls are outside.
neutral;two small girls walk along the leaves.;The girls are walking to the park.
contradiction;two small girls walk along the leaves.;The two girls are riding their bikes.
entailment;A girl wearing a blue shirt, shorts, and sneakers is seated on a stool at a round table, looking at her phone.;The girl is sitting.
neutral;A girl wearing a blue shirt, shorts, and sneakers is seated on a stool at a round table, looking at her phone.;The girl is reading a text message.
contradiction;A girl wearing a blue shirt, shorts, and sneakers is seated on a stool at a round table, looking at her phone.;The girl is wearing a green shirt.
contradiction;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;A lady is using a cat to take pictures.
contradiction;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;A young lady is riding her bike down a bike trail.
neutral;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;A young lady is embarrassed at the pictures she took.
entailment;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;A young lady is looking at a picture.
entailment;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;A lady looks at a picture on her camera
neutral;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;A young lady is looking at a picture of her dog on camera.
contradiction;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;A lady looks at her phone.
entailment;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;Lady sits gazing at a camera.
contradiction;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;Young lady sits in a private area.
entailment;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;A young lady is looking at her camera.
neutral;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;A lady is taking pictures of the table.
contradiction;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;A young lady is on her cellphone.
neutral;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;A lady looks at pictures on her camera to print.
neutral;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;An ingnue sits with a world-weary expression, staring at old honeymoon photos.
entailment;Young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.;A lady at a table takes pictures.
neutral;A woman sitting at a table, taking a picture.;The woman is taking a picture
entailment;A woman sitting at a table, taking a picture.;THe woman is sitting down
contradiction;A woman sitting at a table, taking a picture.;The woman is sleeping.
entailment;A woman in a blue shirt is sitting at a table and looking at her cellphone.;a woman looking at her cellphone
neutral;A woman in a blue shirt is sitting at a table and looking at her cellphone.;a woman looking at her cellphone call log
contradiction;A woman in a blue shirt is sitting at a table and looking at her cellphone.;a man looking out the window
neutral;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;A gentleman in sleeveless blue shirt swings his hands at his sides
neutral;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;The shirt is new.
neutral;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;He is exercising
contradiction;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;The boy is trying to pass a sobriety test.
entailment;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;A boy in a tri-colored shirt has his arms out to the side.
entailment;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;The boy is wearing a shirt.
entailment;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;He is wearing a multicolored shirt
contradiction;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;The boy does not have his arms out
entailment;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;The boy is young.
contradiction;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;A boy is folding clean laundry.
contradiction;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;The shirt is blue.
entailment;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;A boy in multi-colored shirt hold his arms out from his sides
neutral;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;A little boy has his arms held out to his sides and he is sticking out his tongue.
neutral;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;The boy is pretending to be an airplane.
contradiction;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt holding his arms out from his sides.;A girl dressed in bikinis walk graciously past a group of gentlemen at the beach
entailment;The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched.;A boy is wearing a shirt
contradiction;The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched.;The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched 40 feet wide.
neutral;The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched.;The boy in the blue and yellow top is standing with arms outstretched waiting for his grandmother to hug him.
neutral;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt plays outside.;A boy is having fun on vacation.
entailment;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt plays outside.;A boy in a shirt plays outside.
contradiction;A boy in a blue, yellow, and orange shirt plays outside.;A boy in a dress plays indoors.
contradiction;A child with a brightly colored shirt plays outside.;The child is inside his apartment.
neutral;A child with a brightly colored shirt plays outside.;The child is playing on the jungle gym.
entailment;A child with a brightly colored shirt plays outside.;The child is outdoors in his bright colored shirt.
entailment;A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide;A boy is holding his arms out.
neutral;A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide;A boy is holding his arms out to hug his mother.
contradiction;A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide;A boy has his arms crossed over his chest.
contradiction;A man wearing a gray sweater walking through a pile of leaves.;The man is taking his driving test.
neutral;A man wearing a gray sweater walking through a pile of leaves.;The man is outside in the Fall.
entailment;A man wearing a gray sweater walking through a pile of leaves.;The man is outside.
contradiction;A lady wearing a blue print shirt and green head cover smiles for the camera.;A lady wearing a dress.
entailment;A lady wearing a blue print shirt and green head cover smiles for the camera.;A lady wearing a blue shirt.
neutral;A lady wearing a blue print shirt and green head cover smiles for the camera.;A lady wearing a cover.
neutral;The man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top.;A military officer watches girls at the base pool.
contradiction;The man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top.;A man dances with a woman in a gown.
entailment;The man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top.;A decorated man sees a scantily clad female.
contradiction;A young man in his mid twenties is kicking his left foot about two feet off the leaf covered ground, with paved asphalt and green plants and trees in the background.;two women play soccer
neutral;A young man in his mid twenties is kicking his left foot about two feet off the leaf covered ground, with paved asphalt and green plants and trees in the background.;a punk kicks leaves
entailment;A young man in his mid twenties is kicking his left foot about two feet off the leaf covered ground, with paved asphalt and green plants and trees in the background.;someone in his twenties kicks at the ground
contradiction;A woman wearing a green headscarf laughs while a woman in the background paddles a boat.;A man is angered by an insult.
entailment;A woman wearing a green headscarf laughs while a woman in the background paddles a boat.;A woman laughs while another paddles a boat.
neutral;A woman wearing a green headscarf laughs while a woman in the background paddles a boat.;A woman laughs at a joke.
contradiction;Young people playing with a long jump rope in the street.;People crying after losing a game.
neutral;Young people playing with a long jump rope in the street.;People chanting as they play jump rope.
entailment;Young people playing with a long jump rope in the street.;People playing jump rope.
neutral;A group of children play jump rope in the streets while others watch in the background.;Several children in green uniforms are jumping rope in the middle of a road while other kids watch
entailment;A group of children play jump rope in the streets while others watch in the background.;Several children are jumping rope in the middle of a road while other kids watch
contradiction;A group of children play jump rope in the streets while others watch in the background.;A brilliant red sun sets over a deserted beach
contradiction;Hispanic woman wearing a red plaid shirt works on sewing an article of clothing.;Woman wearing nothing sewing her thumb.
neutral;Hispanic woman wearing a red plaid shirt works on sewing an article of clothing.;Woman wearing a shirt sewing some jeans.
entailment;Hispanic woman wearing a red plaid shirt works on sewing an article of clothing.;Woman wearing a shirt sewing.
contradiction;A group of young girls playing jump rope in the street.;Nobody is playing jump rope
entailment;A group of young girls playing jump rope in the street.;Humans playing jump rope
neutral;A group of young girls playing jump rope in the street.;Tall humans playing jump rope
contradiction;A man in a tan suit is using a pay phone to make a call.;Everyone is using a cell phone.
entailment;A man in a tan suit is using a pay phone to make a call.;Someone is on a phone.
neutral;A man in a tan suit is using a pay phone to make a call.;The phone receiver is black.
neutral;Some children are playing jump rope.;Some children are trying out for the jump rope competition.
contradiction;Some children are playing jump rope.;Some children are reading books.
entailment;Some children are playing jump rope.;Children are jumping rope.
contradiction;A large golden dog sniffing the butt of a white dog;Two dogs drinking from a water fountain.
neutral;A large golden dog sniffing the butt of a white dog;A pair of mutts exchange a greeting in a park.
entailment;A large golden dog sniffing the butt of a white dog;Two animals getting to know each other.
contradiction;A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout.;Two kickboxers excersise in the gym.
neutral;A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout.;One sumo wrestler doesnt like the other.
entailment;A sumo wrestler with a brown belt is pushing another wrestler in a bout.;Two sumo wrestlers compete in a match.
entailment;Two large dogs greet other while their owners watch.;the dogs see each other
contradiction;Two large dogs greet other while their owners watch.;stray dogs are playing
neutral;Two large dogs greet other while their owners watch.;the dogs talk in their own language
contradiction;A man in a red and black jacket, blue shirt, lots of silver necklaces, and his blue jeans falling down, checks out a woman wearing a black leather jacket, yellow bra, pink fingerless gloves, and sunglasses.;A boy is playing with a toy truck.
neutral;A man in a red and black jacket, blue shirt, lots of silver necklaces, and his blue jeans falling down, checks out a woman wearing a black leather jacket, yellow bra, pink fingerless gloves, and sunglasses.;A man is trying to impress a woman at a bar.
entailment;A man in a red and black jacket, blue shirt, lots of silver necklaces, and his blue jeans falling down, checks out a woman wearing a black leather jacket, yellow bra, pink fingerless gloves, and sunglasses.;A man is wearing many silver necklaces.
contradiction;Woman with green sweater and sunglasses smiling;A woman with blue sweater is crying.
entailment;Woman with green sweater and sunglasses smiling;A woman with a green sweater has a happy expression.
neutral;Woman with green sweater and sunglasses smiling;A woman is smiling because she just won the lottery.
contradiction;A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater.;A woman is wearing a tank top.
neutral;A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater.;A woman with black hair is wearing a sweater.
entailment;A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater.;A woman is there.
entailment;A smiling lady in a green jacket at a public gathering.;A happy woman smiling
contradiction;A smiling lady in a green jacket at a public gathering.;A woman wearing a bathing suit at the beach with her friends
neutral;A smiling lady in a green jacket at a public gathering.;A woman enjoying a gathering with her office buddies
contradiction;A woman in a green jacket and black sunglasses outside in a crowd.;The woman is not near anyone.
neutral;A woman in a green jacket and black sunglasses outside in a crowd.;The woman needs sunglasses because it is bright.
entailment;A woman in a green jacket and black sunglasses outside in a crowd.;A woman is outside.
neutral;A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off-camera.;A woman is taking a break from a photo shoot.
entailment;A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off-camera.;A woman is wearing a green sweatshirt.
contradiction;A lady with sunglasses on her head and a green sweatshirt is looking off-camera.;A woman is wearing a maroon sweatshirt.
entailment;A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside.;A climber is ascending
neutral;A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside.;A climber is tired
contradiction;A climber is making his way up a snowy mountainside.;A climber is at base camp
entailment;A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine.;A man is outdoors.
contradiction;A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine.;A man is indoors drinking hot chocolate.
neutral;A man dressed in snow-gear takes a leap into a snow-covered ravine.;A guy is skiing in the Colorado mountains.
entailment;a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another.;A person jumps in the air.
contradiction;a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another.;A person sits in the snow.
neutral;a lone person jumping through the air from one snowy mountain to another.;A person jumps in the air to see how high they can jump.
contradiction;A man in shorts and a white garment stands at the base of stairs framed by black railing.;A woman is waiting for someone framed by white fencing.
neutral;A man in shorts and a white garment stands at the base of stairs framed by black railing.;A man in shorts waits for his wife at the bottom of the stairs.
entailment;A man in shorts and a white garment stands at the base of stairs framed by black railing.;A man stands at the bottom of the stairs.
contradiction;A man doing tricks in the snow.;There is no snow where the man is
neutral;A man doing tricks in the snow.;The man is snowboarding
entailment;A man doing tricks in the snow.;The man is outside.
neutral;Two Asian people sit at a blue table in a food court.;Two people are eating together.
contradiction;Two Asian people sit at a blue table in a food court.;The people are buying sunglasses.
entailment;Two Asian people sit at a blue table in a food court.;Two people are seated together.
entailment;Indian couple holding child near riverbank.;A couple is holding a child
contradiction;Indian couple holding child near riverbank.;A couple is sleeping with their baby at home
neutral;Indian couple holding child near riverbank.;A couple is singing a lullaby to a baby
entailment;A bunch of people playing soccer.;a bunch of people are playing soccer
contradiction;A bunch of people playing soccer.;people are playing american football
neutral;A bunch of people playing soccer.;people are playing soccer with no goalies
contradiction;A soccer player jumping in air during a game.;A soccer player taking flight across the field during a game.
neutral;A soccer player jumping in air during a game.;A soccer player jumping into the air during a game to avoid being hit in the face.
entailment;A soccer player jumping in air during a game.;A soccer player jumping up while a game is in progess.
neutral;A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms.;a decisive moment in a soccer game is frozen in photo.
contradiction;A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms.;a hockey player nails his first hat trick
entailment;A shot-on-goal action photo of soccer players in red and black uniforms.;a player has a penalty kick
neutral;The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it.;The teams are playing soccer.
entailment;The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it.;The red and black team are playing a game.
contradiction;The red team knocked the ball toward the goal and the black team tried to block it.;The teams are in blue and orange.
entailment;Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne.;People are playing soccer.
contradiction;Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne.;Six people are playing basketball.
neutral;Six soccer players on field with player in red uniform in the air and ball airborne.;One team is in red, the other, blue.
contradiction;Two little kids showing their American pride in their star spangled wagon.;Two adults mix up a batch of margaritas.
neutral;Two little kids showing their American pride in their star spangled wagon.;Two kids are in a parade in a wagon wearing red white and blue
entailment;Two little kids showing their American pride in their star spangled wagon.;Two kids are with a wagon.
contradiction;A young man in a red quilted vest displays an assortment of silver pendants around his neck as he watches a woman in a yellow bikini top, a black jacket, and bright pink fingerless gloves go by.;There is no jewelry.
entailment;A young man in a red quilted vest displays an assortment of silver pendants around his neck as he watches a woman in a yellow bikini top, a black jacket, and bright pink fingerless gloves go by.;Someone is browsing jewelry.
neutral;A young man in a red quilted vest displays an assortment of silver pendants around his neck as he watches a woman in a yellow bikini top, a black jacket, and bright pink fingerless gloves go by.;The pendants have long chains.
entailment;Girl is blowing to a butterfly.;The girl blows a butterfly.
contradiction;Girl is blowing to a butterfly.;The girl sneezes on a butterfly.
neutral;Girl is blowing to a butterfly.;The girl blows kisses to a butterfly.
entailment;An elderly couple dances next to a table where a boy is sitting with his head down.;A young man has his head on the table.
neutral;An elderly couple dances next to a table where a boy is sitting with his head down.;The boy's grandparents approached and asked if he was okay.
contradiction;An elderly couple dances next to a table where a boy is sitting with his head down.;A young man is playing the drums.
entailment;A small girl stands among many large watermelons.;There is a girl standing
contradiction;A small girl stands among many large watermelons.;There is a girl sitting near the watermelon
neutral;A small girl stands among many large watermelons.;There is a girl standing thinking about purchasing the watermelon
entailment;An elderly couple dance in front of a juke box while a guy in shorts sleeps at a nearby table;An old couple dance in by a juke box while a dude wearing shorts sleeps near a table
neutral;An elderly couple dance in front of a juke box while a guy in shorts sleeps at a nearby table;An old couple dance next to a guy sleeping
contradiction;An elderly couple dance in front of a juke box while a guy in shorts sleeps at a nearby table;Two cats sing karoake
neutral;An elderly couple, both wearing white shirts, dancing and a young male sitting at a table.;The couple has been together a long time.
entailment;An elderly couple, both wearing white shirts, dancing and a young male sitting at a table.;The couple is dancing together.
contradiction;An elderly couple, both wearing white shirts, dancing and a young male sitting at a table.;The couple is sitting with the male.
entailment;A child stoops to pick up a watermelon from a large pile of them.;A person is near a watermelon.
neutral;A child stoops to pick up a watermelon from a large pile of them.;A girl is shopping for watermelon with her parents at a farmers' market.
contradiction;A child stoops to pick up a watermelon from a large pile of them.;A woman is alone, planting watermelon seeds in a garden in the spring.
entailment;A small girl dressed in a yellow dress with flowers on it bends over near a large pile of watermelons.;The girl is under the age of 88 years old.
contradiction;A small girl dressed in a yellow dress with flowers on it bends over near a large pile of watermelons.;The girl is alone and asleep in her bedroom.
neutral;A small girl dressed in a yellow dress with flowers on it bends over near a large pile of watermelons.;The girl is wearing yellow shoes.
neutral;A little girl picking up a watermelon from a pile.;A girl is buying a watermelon.
contradiction;A little girl picking up a watermelon from a pile.;A girl is picking up an orange.
entailment;A little girl picking up a watermelon from a pile.;A girl is picking an item up.
entailment;a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons;There is a lot of fruit.
neutral;a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons;There are some citrus fruit.
contradiction;a young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons;There are only potatoes.
entailment;A man in a blue jacket screaming.;A man is making a loud noise.
neutral;A man in a blue jacket screaming.;A man is scared.
contradiction;A man in a blue jacket screaming.;A man is whispering.
neutral;Children playing a game in a field.;Children are competing for a reward.
contradiction;Children playing a game in a field.;Adults playing a game.
entailment;Children playing a game in a field.;Children playing a game.
entailment;A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.;The woman throws a Frisbee to the dog.
contradiction;A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.;The woman is chasing the dog that took her camera.
neutral;A seated woman with short hair and a camera throws a Frisbee to a brown dog.;A woman throws a disc to a dog and gets ready to take a picture.
entailment;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;People are in the street.
contradiction;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;The Asian city is full of fields.
entailment;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;The Asian city is full of sights.
neutral;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;The scene is in the evening.
contradiction;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;People are in the street in Toronto.
neutral;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;The Asian city is full of tourists.
neutral;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;City people hanging out
entailment;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;City people in street
contradiction;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;A group of people are sitting in a field
entailment;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;There are people in an urban area.
entailment;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;There are people in front of buildings that are brightly lit.
contradiction;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;City streetwalkers
neutral;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;There is a group of people in Seoul at night.
neutral;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;Some people are posing for a picture
contradiction;Asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.;It is an American city.
contradiction;A man is painting a portrait of an outside scene that includes a street sign with a bicycle chained to it.;A woman is drawing a microorganism.
entailment;A man is painting a portrait of an outside scene that includes a street sign with a bicycle chained to it.;A man is painting a landscape of an outdoors area.
neutral;A man is painting a portrait of an outside scene that includes a street sign with a bicycle chained to it.;A man is painting a landscape of a city.
neutral;An older man stands on the sidewalk painting the view.;The old man will sell his painting.
contradiction;An older man stands on the sidewalk painting the view.;The old man is painting a view of a bathroom.
entailment;An older man stands on the sidewalk painting the view.;The old man is painting a portrait.
neutral;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;The crowded street on New Years Eve.
contradiction;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;The street is empty.
entailment;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;The buildings are tall.
neutral;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;It is the afternoon.
contradiction;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;Nobody is on the street in Asia.
contradiction;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;The crowds are at an indoor swimming meet.
entailment;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;The Seiko building is large.
entailment;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;lots of people are in the street
contradiction;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;there was a storm so nobody went outside
entailment;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;There is a crowded street.
neutral;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;A crowded street in Asia has tall buildings.
neutral;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;A crowded street in china where there are lots of buildings.
entailment;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;A crowded street in Asia.
neutral;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;its rush hour in a big city
contradiction;A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.;A crowded street in America.
neutral;A small boy has gotten into the cabinet and gotten flour and crisco all over himself.;The boy is trying to make cookies.
contradiction;A small boy has gotten into the cabinet and gotten flour and crisco all over himself.;The boy is playing the violin.
entailment;A small boy has gotten into the cabinet and gotten flour and crisco all over himself.;The boy is making a mess.
entailment;A male painting a scene in front of him.;A person is painting.
neutral;A male painting a scene in front of him.;A person is painting the sky and trees.
contradiction;A male painting a scene in front of him.;A girl is painting a self portrait.
contradiction;Busy Japanese intersection like maybe Tokyo.;There are no cars on the street.
neutral;Busy Japanese intersection like maybe Tokyo.;The traffic is moving slowly.
entailment;Busy Japanese intersection like maybe Tokyo.;There are lots of cars on the street.
entailment;Cars are passing through a town.;some car passing outside
neutral;Cars are passing through a town.;Cars are passing through a town in road race
contradiction;Cars are passing through a town.;Cars are parked in the town.
neutral;A picture of a city with a sign welcoming travelers on a busy street.;It is in france
entailment;A picture of a city with a sign welcoming travelers on a busy street.;A picture of a city is on a street
contradiction;A picture of a city with a sign welcoming travelers on a busy street.;The people are dancing
entailment;Overlooking a street with a sign above shops that states Welcome To Golden.;"The shop sign says  ""Welcome to Golden"""
contradiction;Overlooking a street with a sign above shops that states Welcome To Golden.;The shop sign is laying on the sidewalk.
neutral;Overlooking a street with a sign above shops that states Welcome To Golden.;"The ""Welcome to Golden"" sigh if lit up."
contradiction;There are cars driving down a street with a sign displaying Welcome to Golden.;The cars are parked in a showroom.
neutral;There are cars driving down a street with a sign displaying Welcome to Golden.;The cars are green.
entailment;There are cars driving down a street with a sign displaying Welcome to Golden.;The cars are outside.
neutral;"A main street scene of a small town with an overhead welcome sign that says ""Welcome to Golden"".";"A neon sign reads ""Welcome to Golden"""
contradiction;"A main street scene of a small town with an overhead welcome sign that says ""Welcome to Golden"".";"A neon sign reads ""Now leaving Golden"""
entailment;"A main street scene of a small town with an overhead welcome sign that says ""Welcome to Golden"".";"A sign reads ""Welcome to Golden"""
neutral;Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor.;A girl is dancing in a brown shirt and blue jean skirt on a wooden floor with her father
entailment;Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor.;A girl is dancing in a brown shirt and blue jean skirt on a wooden floor
contradiction;Little Girl in brown shirt and blue jean skirt dances on wood floor.;Poop's on the floor while the girl dances
entailment;A young man is performing a jump on a skateboard while another young man photographs his stunt.;Two boys are skateboarding outside.
neutral;A young man is performing a jump on a skateboard while another young man photographs his stunt.;Two boys are taking skateboarding photographs for a magazine.
contradiction;A young man is performing a jump on a skateboard while another young man photographs his stunt.;Two boys are riding bikes down the street.
entailment;A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons.;A girl is enjoying herself.
neutral;A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons.;The girl is celebrating by dancing.
contradiction;A young girl dancing in her socks on a wooden floor strewn with pink balloons.;The girl seems very sad about the blue balloons.
contradiction;Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti, balloons.;A child is roller skating.
entailment;Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti, balloons.;A child is dancing.
neutral;Child with pink strings on head dancing surrounded by confetti, balloons.;A child is dancing at a party.
contradiction;"A good-looking firefighter sets up ""Do Not Cross"" tape in the city.";A firefighter is sleeping.
entailment;"A good-looking firefighter sets up ""Do Not Cross"" tape in the city.";A firefighter sets up a do not cross
entailment;"A good-looking firefighter sets up ""Do Not Cross"" tape in the city.";A firefighter sets up tape in a city
entailment;A fireman protects an area by setting up a boundary while others watch.;A fireman is working hard to keep people safe.
contradiction;A fireman protects an area by setting up a boundary while others watch.;A fireman is trying to run away from the fire.
neutral;A fireman protects an area by setting up a boundary while others watch.;A fireman is trying to stop the brushfire.
contradiction;The blond girl is dancing inside a house.;The girl is sitting on a bench in a park.
entailment;The blond girl is dancing inside a house.;A person is indoors.
neutral;The blond girl is dancing inside a house.;The girl is twerking.
contradiction;Two people standing in front of a large statue of a woman, other statues and busts visible in the background.;Two people waiting in line for food at a crowded restaurant.
neutral;Two people standing in front of a large statue of a woman, other statues and busts visible in the background.;Two people posing for photos with an ancient statue outdoors.
entailment;Two people standing in front of a large statue of a woman, other statues and busts visible in the background.;Two people standing standing near a large statue, with other states nearby.
contradiction;a man with a white covering is walking up a flight of stairs.;An old woman is falling down the stairs.
neutral;a man with a white covering is walking up a flight of stairs.;A man is climbing the stairs to his apartment after a long day at work.
entailment;a man with a white covering is walking up a flight of stairs.;A human walks up some stairs.
entailment;A family between a van and fence;A family by a van.
contradiction;A family between a van and fence;A family by a pickup truck.
neutral;A family between a van and fence;A family by a moving van.
neutral;A woman talking to four little children outside.;The teacher is showing her students some items in the park.
entailment;A woman talking to four little children outside.;A female adult is near some kids.
contradiction;A woman talking to four little children outside.;A teacher is reading a book in class.
neutral;A mother with her four children.;A woman posing for a picture with her children.
contradiction;A mother with her four children.;A man with his pets.
entailment;A mother with her four children.;A woman with children.
contradiction;A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence.;The woman and children are in their dining room.
neutral;A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence.;The people are trapped between the vehicle and fence.
entailment;A woman and a few children in an alleyway in between a vehicle and a fence.;Several people in an alleyway.
entailment;A woman in a floral dress talks to children in front of a van.;A woman is talking to children.
neutral;A woman in a floral dress talks to children in front of a van.;A lady in a dress is taking kids to a museum.
contradiction;A woman in a floral dress talks to children in front of a van.;A woman is screaming at her kid.
neutral;Two men with heads down signing a paper.;The men are signing their names.
contradiction;Two men with heads down signing a paper.;The men jump off a bridge.
entailment;Two men with heads down signing a paper.;The two men sign something.
entailment;A man and a woman having an intimate conversation in front a statue.;A couple are having a conversation
contradiction;A man and a woman having an intimate conversation in front a statue.;A couple are having dinner in a restaurant.
neutral;A man and a woman having an intimate conversation in front a statue.;A couple are discussing vacation plans
contradiction;A man in a Tour De Force shirt is working on a bicycle.;A woman is biking.
neutral;A man in a Tour De Force shirt is working on a bicycle.;A man is working on his favorite bike.
entailment;A man in a Tour De Force shirt is working on a bicycle.;A man is working on a bike.
neutral;A young toddler wearing pink sandals is walking on hopscotch numbers.;A young girl wears sandals and walks on hopscotch numbers.
contradiction;A young toddler wearing pink sandals is walking on hopscotch numbers.;A grown man wearing pink sandals plays hopscotch.
entailment;A young toddler wearing pink sandals is walking on hopscotch numbers.;A baby walks on the ground.
entailment;a man wearing blue plays soccer.;man playing soccer
neutral;a man wearing blue plays soccer.;man competing in soccer competition
contradiction;a man wearing blue plays soccer.;man playing basketball
contradiction;Mothers with children talking at a gathering.;The mothers are yelling at the children.
neutral;Mothers with children talking at a gathering.;They are talking about thier kids.
entailment;Mothers with children talking at a gathering.;The mothers are having conversations.
contradiction;Two women are talking while children are sitting on their laps.;The man is painting a house.
neutral;Two women are talking while children are sitting on their laps.;Some women are babysitting.
entailment;Two women are talking while children are sitting on their laps.;Some women are talking.
entailment;Two women, each embracing a little girl, catch up at a small family gathering.;2 women are carrying little girls.
neutral;Two women, each embracing a little girl, catch up at a small family gathering.;The women were showing their daughters an animal.
contradiction;Two women, each embracing a little girl, catch up at a small family gathering.;The women left their children behind.
neutral;Two women holding children talking to one another.;The women are having a playdate with their toddlers.
contradiction;Two women holding children talking to one another.;Two women are running at the park looking for their children.
entailment;Two women holding children talking to one another.;There are at least four people.
contradiction;Two women, each with a child, look at each other.;The women have no kids
entailment;Two women, each with a child, look at each other.;Women are with their kids
neutral;Two women, each with a child, look at each other.;The kids are small
contradiction;A black-and-white dog carries a stick in his mouth as he swims in the clear water.;The water is empty
entailment;A black-and-white dog carries a stick in his mouth as he swims in the clear water.;A dog is outside
neutral;A black-and-white dog carries a stick in his mouth as he swims in the clear water.;The dog is having a great time
entailment;A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming.;A dog with an object in it's mouth is in the water.
neutral;A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming.;A Dalmatian with a stick in its mouth is swimming slowly.
contradiction;A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming.;A cat with a stick in its mouth is in a bathtub.
neutral;A pirate is chasing a princess down the sidewalk.;Pirate chasing a peach cosplayer
contradiction;A pirate is chasing a princess down the sidewalk.;Pirate doing the hokey pokey
entailment;A pirate is chasing a princess down the sidewalk.;Pirate on the sidewalk
entailment;A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.;A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.
neutral;A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.;A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water in the back yard.
contradiction;A dog is fetching a stick out of very clear water.;A dog is sleeping on the front porch.
contradiction;A dog in the water carries a stick in his mouth.;A dog is going for a walk in the park.
neutral;A dog in the water carries a stick in his mouth.;A dog fetches a stick out of the lake.
entailment;A dog in the water carries a stick in his mouth.;A dog carries a stick in his mouth.
neutral;Two children are running down a sidewalk dressed in costumes.;Kids are going to a costume party.
contradiction;Two children are running down a sidewalk dressed in costumes.;Kids are getting in a fight.
entailment;Two children are running down a sidewalk dressed in costumes.;Two kids are running.
neutral;1 little boy wearing a pirate costume following closely behind a little girl wearing a blue dress carrying a orange pumpkin bucket and walking down the sidewalk.;A boy and girl trick or treating.
entailment;1 little boy wearing a pirate costume following closely behind a little girl wearing a blue dress carrying a orange pumpkin bucket and walking down the sidewalk.;Boy in costume followed by a girl in costume.
contradiction;1 little boy wearing a pirate costume following closely behind a little girl wearing a blue dress carrying a orange pumpkin bucket and walking down the sidewalk.;A boy in a clown costume followed by a girl.
contradiction;A little boy in a pirate costume is running behind a little girl in a princess costume carrying an orange pumpkin along the sidewalk.;The kids are sitting in their desks during class.
entailment;A little boy in a pirate costume is running behind a little girl in a princess costume carrying an orange pumpkin along the sidewalk.;Two kids wearing costumes are outside.
neutral;A little boy in a pirate costume is running behind a little girl in a princess costume carrying an orange pumpkin along the sidewalk.;The kids are trick-or-treating for Halloween.
neutral;A man with a gray shirt holds a young infant in his hands.;The man is holding his child.
entailment;A man with a gray shirt holds a young infant in his hands.;A man is wearing a shirt.
contradiction;A man with a gray shirt holds a young infant in his hands.;The man has a yellow shirt.
neutral;Two girls, each in a dress walking together.;Two girls are doing exercise to live healthy.
contradiction;Two girls, each in a dress walking together.;Two girls slapped each other.
entailment;Two girls, each in a dress walking together.;Two Girls are doing exercise.
neutral;A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade.;people having barbecue
contradiction;A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade.;girl plays nintendo
entailment;A group of people are sitting around a table under a blue sunshade.;people sit around table
entailment;People in line for plates of rice.;People are waiting to eat.
neutral;People in line for plates of rice.;People in line at a soup kitchen.
contradiction;People in line for plates of rice.;People are sitting down eating.
neutral;People sitting down to eat.;The wedding party guests sit down to enjoy the feast.
entailment;People sitting down to eat.;People are about to eat.
contradiction;People sitting down to eat.;People milling about after a concert.
entailment;Several men sit outside on brick ledges built around tall trees.;Some men are sitting outdoors.
neutral;Several men sit outside on brick ledges built around tall trees.;The men just got done working.
contradiction;Several men sit outside on brick ledges built around tall trees.;The men are chopping down the trees.
neutral;Workers are eating a meal while one man sits on a pile of plywood.;Workers are outside at a construction zone.
entailment;Workers are eating a meal while one man sits on a pile of plywood.;Workers are resting during a meal break.
contradiction;Workers are eating a meal while one man sits on a pile of plywood.;Workers are talking and sitting on metal beams.
contradiction;Workers are taking a break during midday.;Workers are diligently building a house.
neutral;Workers are taking a break during midday.;Workers are eating sandwiches on break.
entailment;Workers are taking a break during midday.;Workers are on break.
contradiction;Workers are sitting next to a work zone eating food.;the workers are sitting eating food
neutral;Workers are sitting next to a work zone eating food.;the workers are finished the work
entailment;Workers are sitting next to a work zone eating food.;the workers are waiting for next work
neutral;Biker riding dirt bike on dirt track;He winning the race.
contradiction;Biker riding dirt bike on dirt track;He is paddling a canoe.
entailment;Biker riding dirt bike on dirt track;Human rides two wheeled vehicle.
entailment;A motorcycle racer is in action at the track.;The racer is driving.
contradiction;A motorcycle racer is in action at the track.;The motorcycle racer is running
neutral;A motorcycle racer is in action at the track.;The racer is wearing a suit.
contradiction;A blond woman with her hair up is taking off a white sweatshirt.;A woman is taking off a blue shirt.
neutral;A blond woman with her hair up is taking off a white sweatshirt.;A woman is getting undressed.
entailment;A blond woman with her hair up is taking off a white sweatshirt.;A woman is blonde
neutral;A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance.;A farmer stares to see if he can see his cattle herd.
entailment;A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance.;The person stares off into the distance.
contradiction;A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance.;A man sends a telegram.
contradiction;A man riding a dirt bike;The man is in a car.
neutral;A man riding a dirt bike;A man is riding a dirtbike with his friend.
neutral;A man riding a dirt bike;The man is accelerating on the dirt bike.
neutral;A man riding a dirt bike;Man riding bike at park
contradiction;A man riding a dirt bike;The man is walking.
contradiction;A man riding a dirt bike;A man is swimming.
neutral;A man riding a dirt bike;A biker is racing his dirt bike on a course.
contradiction;A man riding a dirt bike;A man is driving a car.
entailment;A man riding a dirt bike;A human is riding a vehicle.
entailment;A man riding a dirt bike;A man is outside.
contradiction;A man riding a dirt bike;Woman riding bike
neutral;A man riding a dirt bike;The man is racing the dirt bike.
entailment;A man riding a dirt bike;Man riding bike
entailment;A man riding a dirt bike;A man is on a dirt bike.
entailment;A man riding a dirt bike;A guy is driving a dirt bike.
neutral;A man is sitting with his head facing down, while other people are looking in his direction.;The man is making a scene.
entailment;A man is sitting with his head facing down, while other people are looking in his direction.;The man is being stared at.
contradiction;A man is sitting with his head facing down, while other people are looking in his direction.;The man is staring everyone down.
neutral;Small blond-haired girl drinking a glass of juice.;The girl is sitting on a swing.
contradiction;Small blond-haired girl drinking a glass of juice.;The girl drinking the juice has brown hair.
entailment;Small blond-haired girl drinking a glass of juice.;A girl is holding a glass.
entailment;A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog.;A person in a red dress is running behind a black animal.
neutral;A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog.;A person in a red dress is trying to catch a dog.
contradiction;A person in a red coat and a running black and brown dog.;A person in a red dress is cooking.
entailment;a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing.;A woman is wearing a red jacket
contradiction;a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing.;A woman is wearing a blue jacket
neutral;a woman in a red jacket watches as a black and brown dog runs away from her in woodland clearing.;A woman has finished chasing a dog
entailment;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;A woman throws something for a dog.
entailment;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;A person throwing something for her dog.
contradiction;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;A dog throws something for its woman.
neutral;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;A woman throwing a squeaky toy into the water for her dog to chase.
neutral;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;A woman throws a ball for a german sheherd to chase
neutral;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;a woman plays fetch with her boyfriends dog
contradiction;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;A woman climbing a tree.
entailment;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;A person and their pet are outdoors
neutral;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;A young lady is teaching her pet dog how to play fetch.
contradiction;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;A man in a dog costume is staring creepily through a restaurant window.
entailment;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;A woman and an animal are interacting outdoors.
entailment;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;a woman and a german shepherd are pictured
contradiction;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;a woman sits in a movie theater
neutral;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;A woman throws something for her dog.
contradiction;Outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a German shepherd to chase.;A woman plays with her cat in a grassy field
entailment;A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it.;A dog is nearby a person
contradiction;A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it.;a cat is playing with some string
neutral;A dog is preparing to run away from a person interacting with it.;A dog cowers in the corner as the veterenarian approaches with a thermometer
neutral;A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.;A woman is training her dog in the park.
entailment;A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.;A woman is interacting with a dog.
contradiction;A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.;A woman is brushing her dog.
neutral;Two men trying to build something together, while having fun.;Two men are partying together.
entailment;Two men trying to build something together, while having fun.;Two men are laughing and enjoying themselves.
contradiction;Two men trying to build something together, while having fun.;Two men are sleeping on the floor.
contradiction;Three people are sitting on a bench.;A few people are laying down.
neutral;Three people are sitting on a bench.;Some people are chatting.
entailment;Three people are sitting on a bench.;There are people sitting down.
entailment;Two women and one man sit on a bench.;The women and the man are on a bench.
contradiction;Two women and one man sit on a bench.;The bench is not really there.
neutral;Two women and one man sit on a bench.;The friends are on the bench.
entailment;A man and two women sitting on a bench.;A few people share a bench.
contradiction;A man and two women sitting on a bench.;Six women sit on a bench.
neutral;A man and two women sitting on a bench.;A man and his two sisters sit together.
entailment;A man and two women in black jackets holding umbrellas sit on a long wooden bench.;People are on a bench
neutral;A man and two women in black jackets holding umbrellas sit on a long wooden bench.;A man is talking about a threesome with two women.
contradiction;A man and two women in black jackets holding umbrellas sit on a long wooden bench.;A man is sitting on a bench with 22 women.
contradiction;man in red canada shirt standing with three men in army uniform;Man eating pizza
entailment;man in red canada shirt standing with three men in army uniform;Man standing with three men in army uniform
-;man in red canada shirt standing with three men in army uniform;Man standing with three men in army uniform near School
neutral;Skydivers in formation.;They are all friends.
contradiction;Skydivers in formation.;They are on the ground
entailment;Skydivers in formation.;People are skydiving.
contradiction;A woman checks her purse while at a outside cafe.;A man checks his back pocket for his wallet
neutral;A woman checks her purse while at a outside cafe.;A woman looks for her money to tip the waiter.
entailment;A woman checks her purse while at a outside cafe.;A person looks in her purse at a restaurant.
contradiction;The cowboy waves to the rodeo crowd.;The clown was waving to the crowd.
neutral;The cowboy waves to the rodeo crowd.;The cowboy waved to the crowd while he was riding the horse.
entailment;The cowboy waves to the rodeo crowd.;The cowboy waved to the crowd.
contradiction;A woman is sitting at an outdoor dining table.;A person is indoors.
entailment;A woman is sitting at an outdoor dining table.;A person is sitting down.
neutral;A woman is sitting at an outdoor dining table.;A person is at an outdoor restaurant waiting for their food.
contradiction;Lady wearing a yellow top is sitting on a chair;A lady wearing a yellow top is standing on the kitchen table.
entailment;Lady wearing a yellow top is sitting on a chair;A woman with a yellow to sits.
neutral;Lady wearing a yellow top is sitting on a chair;A lady wearing a yellow top is sitting on a chair and shaving her legs.
neutral;a child is pushing another kid in a wheeler dressed in a red top and wearing a cap.;The kids are pretending they are in a race.
contradiction;a child is pushing another kid in a wheeler dressed in a red top and wearing a cap.;The children a eating lunch.
entailment;a child is pushing another kid in a wheeler dressed in a red top and wearing a cap.;Children enjoy playing together.
contradiction;A cowboy is riding a bucking bull in a rodeo arena.;A man rides a horse on a trail.
entailment;A cowboy is riding a bucking bull in a rodeo arena.;A cowboy rides a bull at a rodeo.
neutral;A cowboy is riding a bucking bull in a rodeo arena.;A professional bull rider rides a large black bull.
entailment;A blond child is pulling a wagon with a little blond boy in it.;A child is pulling a toy wagon.
neutral;A blond child is pulling a wagon with a little blond boy in it.;A child is pulling a toy wagon filled with toys.
contradiction;A blond child is pulling a wagon with a little blond boy in it.;A child is swimming.
entailment;A man wearing a tan coat signs papers for another man wearing a blue coat.;One man writes on papers, while another man stands by.
neutral;A man wearing a tan coat signs papers for another man wearing a blue coat.;A guy signs away his rights to his gold mine, while his lawyer waits by.
contradiction;A man wearing a tan coat signs papers for another man wearing a blue coat.;A male lifeguard busily saves someone's life while his companion simply scratches his head.
neutral;A groom and a bride are standing on the grass with his hand on her waist.;They are about to have their first kiss as man and wife.
contradiction;A groom and a bride are standing on the grass with his hand on her waist.;The groom and bride are sitting at the table.
entailment;A groom and a bride are standing on the grass with his hand on her waist.;A groom and bride are standing outside.
contradiction;A man is singing into a microphone.;A man is reciting poetry.
entailment;A man is singing into a microphone.;Someone is making music.
neutral;A man is singing into a microphone.;A man is performing on stage.
contradiction;a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake.;one boy drinks coke zero
neutral;a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake.;girl trying to skip rocks
entailment;a girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake.;girl throws stones
contradiction;A man and a woman being intimate, with their legs in the water.;two dudes are in the pool
entailment;A man and a woman being intimate, with their legs in the water.;a man and woman are getting intimate
neutral;A man and a woman being intimate, with their legs in the water.;a husband and wife are playing footsies in the tub
entailment;A group of people stand on a grassy field.;People are standing on a grassy field
contradiction;A group of people stand on a grassy field.;A group of people are sitting in the bleachers
neutral;A group of people stand on a grassy field.;People are enjoying the outdoor weather
entailment;Men in uniform work together.;Uniformed men work.
contradiction;Men in uniform work together.;Men in beach clothes work by themselves at the park.
neutral;Men in uniform work together.;Uniformed men work together outside.
contradiction;An elderly woman places carrots into a casserole.;An elderly woman puts beets into a casserole
entailment;An elderly woman places carrots into a casserole.;An elderly woman puts carrots into a casserole
neutral;An elderly woman places carrots into a casserole.;An elderly woman slices carrots for a casserole
entailment;A man in a gray vehicle feeding sheep.;The man is outside.
contradiction;A man in a gray vehicle feeding sheep.;The man is riding a horse.
neutral;A man in a gray vehicle feeding sheep.;The man is a sheperd in Scotland.
entailment;Three men are grouped around the back of a car with its tailgate out, two of the men clothed in yellow uniforms and one in blue.; Three men are grouped around the back of a car.
neutral;Three men are grouped around the back of a car with its tailgate out, two of the men clothed in yellow uniforms and one in blue.; Three men are grouped around the back of a car laughing.
contradiction;Three men are grouped around the back of a car with its tailgate out, two of the men clothed in yellow uniforms and one in blue.;Three men are swimming in a lake.
neutral;Three men, two wearing yellow suits, are looking in the back of a car.;Two salesmen at work.
entailment;Three men, two wearing yellow suits, are looking in the back of a car.;Three men looking at a car.
contradiction;Three men, two wearing yellow suits, are looking in the back of a car.;Three men breaking into a car.
neutral;Emergency personnel looking into the back of a car.;Emergency personnel are looking for a child in a car.
entailment;Emergency personnel looking into the back of a car.;People are looking in a car.
contradiction;Emergency personnel looking into the back of a car.;Emergency personnel are eating.
entailment;Some firefighters check a vehicle.;Firefighters are checking a car.
contradiction;Some firefighters check a vehicle.;Firefighters are rescuing a cat from the tree.
neutral;Some firefighters check a vehicle.;Firefighters are looking for a cat in the car.
neutral;A man in a kitchen is frying breaded food in a cast iron pan.;The food is greasy.
contradiction;A man in a kitchen is frying breaded food in a cast iron pan.;Got some oceanfront property in Arizona.
entailment;A man in a kitchen is frying breaded food in a cast iron pan.;A man cooks.
neutral;A woman in colorful garb with her back to the camera and cloth on her hear.;A woman is  in colorful garb.
entailment;A woman in colorful garb with her back to the camera and cloth on her hear.;A woman has her back to the camera.
contradiction;A woman in colorful garb with her back to the camera and cloth on her hear.;A nun is praying.
entailment;A woman in colorful native attire featuring a blue shirt with a colorful design displays her dark hair braided with red ribbons.;A woman is dressed stylishly in native garb.
neutral;A woman in colorful native attire featuring a blue shirt with a colorful design displays her dark hair braided with red ribbons.;A woman is dressed in her native clothing in preparation for her wedding.
contradiction;A woman in colorful native attire featuring a blue shirt with a colorful design displays her dark hair braided with red ribbons.;A woman is dressed to run track.
entailment;Oddly dressed man walking down the street.;An oddly dressed man walking.
contradiction;Oddly dressed man walking down the street.;A woman enjoying a walk.
neutral;Oddly dressed man walking down the street.;A man enjoying a walk.
neutral;A man in ruffles pushes a stroller through a park.;The man has his baby in the stroller.
contradiction;A man in ruffles pushes a stroller through a park.;The man is pushing the stroller through his house.
entailment;A man in ruffles pushes a stroller through a park.;The man is pushing a stroller.
neutral;An oddly dressed man pushing a stroller down a sidewalk in a park.;The man is walking with his son.
contradiction;An oddly dressed man pushing a stroller down a sidewalk in a park.;The man is walking his dog on the beach.
entailment;An oddly dressed man pushing a stroller down a sidewalk in a park.;A man wearing weird clothes is walking through a park.
neutral;A smiling man cooks something delicious.;The man is preparing a feast for his wife
entailment;A smiling man cooks something delicious.;The man is cooking
contradiction;A smiling man cooks something delicious.;The child colors with crayons
entailment;a young man wearing a backpack and sunglasses is walking towards a shopping area.;A man walks near a store
contradiction;a young man wearing a backpack and sunglasses is walking towards a shopping area.;Two ducks quacking at each other
neutral;a young man wearing a backpack and sunglasses is walking towards a shopping area.;The man is planning to rob the store
entailment;A young man wearing a backpack and dark glasses approaches the brick building where there is a bit of graffiti on the wall.;The young man has glasses on his face.
contradiction;A young man wearing a backpack and dark glasses approaches the brick building where there is a bit of graffiti on the wall.;There is nothing on the wall but bricks.
neutral;A young man wearing a backpack and dark glasses approaches the brick building where there is a bit of graffiti on the wall.;The man helped create the graffiti.
neutral;A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them.;The dogs are running along the shore to meet their master who just beached his kayak
contradiction;A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them.;The dogs were indorrs waiting for their dinner
entailment;A brown dog running with two white and brown dogs on the seashore with crashing waves behind them.;The dogs were outdoors running along the shore
contradiction;A young man in blue sunglasses walking in front of a red brick building.;A guy with red glasses is sitting here.
entailment;A young man in blue sunglasses walking in front of a red brick building.;Man in blue glasses walking pass a building
neutral;A young man in blue sunglasses walking in front of a red brick building.;Some guys with glasses are going pass the buildings
contradiction;A dog jumps to catch a toy in the snow.;A dog jumps to catch a toy in Waikiki.
neutral;A dog jumps to catch a toy in the snow.;A dog jumps to catch a ball in the snow.
entailment;A dog jumps to catch a toy in the snow.;An animal is jumping in a place that is not hot.
entailment;Black dog jumping into the air to catch a toy in the snow.;The dog is in the snow.
contradiction;Black dog jumping into the air to catch a toy in the snow.;The dog is playing dead.
neutral;Black dog jumping into the air to catch a toy in the snow.;The dog is jumping to catch a frisbee.
neutral;A black dog in snow is jumping off the ground to catch a stick.;A dog is about to catch a stick in his mouth.
entailment;A black dog in snow is jumping off the ground to catch a stick.;A dog is catching a stick.
contradiction;A black dog in snow is jumping off the ground to catch a stick.;A cat is playing fetch.
entailment;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;People are paying attention to the person hanging pictures
neutral;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;The women are pretty
entailment;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;There are people watching another person hang up pictures.
contradiction;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;The people are in the ocean
neutral;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;A man is hanging paintings of women for an art gallery in a museum.
entailment;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;the person is hanging pictures.
neutral;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;The person is a woman.
contradiction;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;No one is hanging up pictures at all.
entailment;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;Somebody is hanging up pictures while people watch.
neutral;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;There's a person drawing a crowd by hanging up nude photos of ladies.
entailment;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;The people are outdoors.
neutral;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;The person is a photographer selling his pictures.
contradiction;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;A creepy guy is putting his favorite photos of the woman he's stalking up in his shrine to her.
contradiction;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;The person is sleeping.
contradiction;A person is hanging up pictures of women with a few onlookers watching surrounded by bikes.;The person is cooking in a cafeteria.
entailment;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;Men are hanging something on the wall.
neutral;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;Five men, one standing on a chair, are hanging a picture.
contradiction;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;The men are walking to the nearest gentleman's club.
entailment;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;A group of men are hanging a picture on a wall.
contradiction;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;A man in a black shirt hangs a picture.
neutral;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;A group of men, all wearing white shirts, hang a picture.
entailment;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;There's a group of men hanging up a picture.
contradiction;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;Five men are helping a child to hang a picture.
entailment;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;A man is hanging a picture of a child.
entailment;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;A man is hanging up a picture of a child.
neutral;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;Four men are watching a fifth as he hangs a picture of a child.
neutral;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;The men are hanging up a picture of a missing child.
contradiction;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;Some men are outside in a field.
neutral;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;A man is hanging a picture of his child surrounded by family memebers and friends.
contradiction;Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.;A man is holding up a child.
neutral;There are four Eastern guys working on and hanging pictures of humans.;The men are hanging family photos.
contradiction;There are four Eastern guys working on and hanging pictures of humans.;The women are working.
entailment;There are four Eastern guys working on and hanging pictures of humans.;The men are working.
neutral;A man in a white shirt hangs a painting in a run down store while other men watch.;An artist is showing his painting to others.
entailment;A man in a white shirt hangs a painting in a run down store while other men watch.;Men are indoors.
contradiction;A man in a white shirt hangs a painting in a run down store while other men watch.;Men are at a football game.
contradiction;Men are playing soccer, the one in front is about to kick the ball.;The guys are standing on a dock.
entailment;Men are playing soccer, the one in front is about to kick the ball.;The guys are playing a game.
neutral;Men are playing soccer, the one in front is about to kick the ball.;The man kicks the ball towards the goal.
contradiction;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;The man is taking down the poster.
contradiction;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;A man is cleaning a bathroom in a shop.
neutral;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;The shop did not agree to let the man put up the poster.
neutral;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;The man owns the shop.
neutral;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;A man is putting up a sale sign in front of a shop.
contradiction;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;The man is waiting for a bus.
neutral;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;A man hangs a poster of Iron Man in front of a shop.
contradiction;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;A woman walks into a comic book shop.
entailment;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;A man is decorating a shop.
entailment;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;The man is putting up a poster.
contradiction;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;The man is indoors.
neutral;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;A man is putting a movie poster up for the next big action movie.
entailment;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;A man hangs a poster in front of a shop.
entailment;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;There is a man in front of the shop.
entailment;A man is putting up a poster in front of a shop.;A man is standing in front of a shop.
contradiction;The Arsenal football club warms-up on the soccer field as a few fans watch.;A basketball team during warm ups.
neutral;The Arsenal football club warms-up on the soccer field as a few fans watch.;A soccer teaming getting ready for a game.
entailment;The Arsenal football club warms-up on the soccer field as a few fans watch.;A football/soccer club during warm ups.
contradiction;Soccer players warm up by kicking the soccer ball around while the crowd waits.;The players were on a bus which broke down on the highway
entailment;Soccer players warm up by kicking the soccer ball around while the crowd waits.;The crowd looked on while the players prepared themselves.
neutral;Soccer players warm up by kicking the soccer ball around while the crowd waits.;The crowd watched the players warm up and shouted encouragement
neutral;People sit and relax next to a pool in a plaza.;The pool is in a hotel, and these are guests.
contradiction;People sit and relax next to a pool in a plaza.;This is the pool of Queen Elizabeth II, and these people are Hessians from the Revolutionary War.
entailment;People sit and relax next to a pool in a plaza.;People lounge about a pool.
neutral;In a bowling alley, a man holding a green bowling ball looks ahead at the pins that he must knock down.;The man is playing in an professional bowling competition.
entailment;In a bowling alley, a man holding a green bowling ball looks ahead at the pins that he must knock down.;A man is bowling.
contradiction;In a bowling alley, a man holding a green bowling ball looks ahead at the pins that he must knock down.;The man is bowling with a frozen turkey.
entailment;A man wearing blue jeans and red bowling shoes stands in a bowling alley lane with a green ball in his hand.;A man stands in a bowling alley lane.
neutral;A man wearing blue jeans and red bowling shoes stands in a bowling alley lane with a green ball in his hand.;The man is bowling with his bowling group tonight.
contradiction;A man wearing blue jeans and red bowling shoes stands in a bowling alley lane with a green ball in his hand.;A man sits in an airport.
contradiction;A guy stands with a green bowling ball in his hand, and looks down the bowling lane.;Some man play football.
entailment;A guy stands with a green bowling ball in his hand, and looks down the bowling lane.;A man plays bowling.
neutral;A guy stands with a green bowling ball in his hand, and looks down the bowling lane.;A man is throwing a green ball.
neutral;A man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.;A sad man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.
contradiction;A man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.;A woman holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.
entailment;A man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.;A person holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.
neutral;A man is standing up holding a green bowling ball with his right hand.;A man is playing with his bowling league.
contradiction;A man is standing up holding a green bowling ball with his right hand.;A man is riding a horse on the beach.
entailment;A man is standing up holding a green bowling ball with his right hand.;A man is bowling.
neutral;A group of people sitting at a table outside talking.;A group sits together outside and talk over drinks.
entailment;A group of people sitting at a table outside talking.;A group sits outside while talking.
contradiction;A group of people sitting at a table outside talking.;A man stands at the bar ordering drinks for his friends.
entailment;A group of men and women are having a discussion in a restaurant.;a group of men and women converse
contradiction;A group of men and women are having a discussion in a restaurant.;a crowd has a discussion in a hospital
neutral;A group of men and women are having a discussion in a restaurant.;a crowd argues
entailment;A group of adults is having a discussion at a table under a tent.;People are having a discussion.
neutral;A group of adults is having a discussion at a table under a tent.;The friends are talking.
contradiction;A group of adults is having a discussion at a table under a tent.;The old dog is eating potatoes.
contradiction;A group of people sitting around a picnic table.;The people are standing in the gym.
neutral;A group of people sitting around a picnic table.;The people are playing cards.
entailment;A group of people sitting around a picnic table.;The people are near the table.
contradiction;A group of people gathers on the grass in a backyard with tents, tables, and chairs set up.;A group of people gathering on the concrete.
entailment;A group of people gathers on the grass in a backyard with tents, tables, and chairs set up.;A group of people gathering on the grass.
neutral;A group of people gathers on the grass in a backyard with tents, tables, and chairs set up.;A group of people standing on the grass.
neutral;One soccer team is playing against another.;The teams are having fun.
entailment;One soccer team is playing against another.;People are playing a sport.
contradiction;One soccer team is playing against another.;No one is playing soccer.
contradiction;A black dog swimming in water near rocks.;A dog is laying in front of a fireplace.
entailment;A black dog swimming in water near rocks.;A dog is outside playing in the water.
neutral;A black dog swimming in water near rocks.;A dog is chasing a turtle through the water.
entailment;the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water.;Three boys are in a body of water.
neutral;the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water.;The boys are wearing party clothing.
contradiction;the three boys are all holding onto a flotation device in the water.;The three boys are surfing.
neutral;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;The team in yellow is going to score.
entailment;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;A soccer game is in progress.
contradiction;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;The team in yellow is playing a hockey game.
entailment;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;The goalie wants to prevent a goal.
contradiction;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;The goalie is sitting down on the sideline, wearing a white top and red shorts.
entailment;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;A soccer game is happening.
contradiction;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;The soccer goalie  is wearing long pants.
neutral;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;This World Cup match has a very close score.
neutral;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;The yellow team is ahead by three points.
neutral;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;The team in yellow is trying to score a goal.
contradiction;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;The team in yellow is defending.
contradiction;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;No game is playing.
neutral;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;Soccer game is happening the yellow team is winning.
entailment;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;A group of people are playing a game of soccer.
entailment;A soccer game where the team in yellow is attempting to advance past the team in white towards the goalie wearing a black top and blue shorts.;There is a soccer game with a team in yellow.
entailment;A group of people are playing soccer and two players from opposing teams are battling for the ball.;A soccer game.
contradiction;A group of people are playing soccer and two players from opposing teams are battling for the ball.;Men playing baseball.
neutral;A group of people are playing soccer and two players from opposing teams are battling for the ball.;Men are playing for the final goal in a soccer game.
entailment;A soccer match between a team with white jerseys, and a team with yellow jerseys.;A competition is happening.
neutral;A soccer match between a team with white jerseys, and a team with yellow jerseys.;The teams are in a championship match.
contradiction;A soccer match between a team with white jerseys, and a team with yellow jerseys.;The teams play street hockey.
contradiction;A young woman is playing the violin.;The woman is eating her violin.
entailment;A young woman is playing the violin.;The young violinist is a woman.
neutral;A young woman is playing the violin.;The violin sounds beatuful.
neutral;People relax around a large community fountain in a park.;Tourists are sitting near the fountain.
contradiction;People relax around a large community fountain in a park.;Business men are working near a fountain.
entailment;People relax around a large community fountain in a park.;Community members are spending time in the park near a foundtain.
neutral;A woman playing the violin with sunglasses on her head.;a woman is learning to play the violin
entailment;A woman playing the violin with sunglasses on her head.;someone is playing an instrument
contradiction;A woman playing the violin with sunglasses on her head.;a woman is eating dinner
contradiction;A female violinist surrounded by other violinists.;A female violinist surrounded by wolverines.
neutral;A female violinist surrounded by other violinists.;A female violinist surrounded by other violinists competing for a prize.
entailment;A female violinist surrounded by other violinists.;A violinist among other string musicians
entailment;A man, wearing revolutionary period clothes, is ringing a bell.;A man, wearing a revolutionary apparel is making noise with a bell.
neutral;A man, wearing revolutionary period clothes, is ringing a bell.;A man,wearing revolutionary  apparel is ringing a bell with his right hand.
contradiction;A man, wearing revolutionary period clothes, is ringing a bell.;A man is outside riding his bike.
neutral;A couple of people working around a pile of rocks.;People are landscaping their yard.
entailment;A couple of people working around a pile of rocks.;People are working.
contradiction;A couple of people working around a pile of rocks.;People are playing on a playground.
entailment;A man wearing a gray cap is looking down.;A man is wearing a cap
contradiction;A man wearing a gray cap is looking down.;a man is looking up
neutral;A man wearing a gray cap is looking down.;A man is looking down at a puddle
contradiction;An older man dressed in blue historical clothing is ringing a bell in his right hand.;police pepper spray protesters
neutral;An older man dressed in blue historical clothing is ringing a bell in his right hand.;the civil war reenactment underway
entailment;An older man dressed in blue historical clothing is ringing a bell in his right hand.;man ringing a bell
neutral;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;The children are posing because their parents made them.
contradiction;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;Three children are kicking the camera man.
contradiction;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;The boy ate the entire apple.
entailment;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;The three young childeren were hold an apple with a bite on it
neutral;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;Sisters and brother are posing for a shoot
entailment;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;Girls and boys are having fun outdoors
neutral;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;A boy eats an apple that his sisters threw at him in the car on the way to the mountains.
contradiction;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;The kids are swimming
contradiction;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;The elderly women are posing for a picture.
neutral;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;The children are posing for a family photo.
entailment;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;Kids pose in front of a mountain background.
contradiction;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;A woman drinks wine.
entailment;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;Three children pose for a picture.
entailment;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;A group of children are posing.
neutral;Three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.;The three childeren were enjoying the mountain view background.
entailment;two little girls, one in a green jacket and one in a pink jacket, and a little boy in a green jacket holding an apple sitting on a rock.;Three kids are sitting on a rock.
contradiction;two little girls, one in a green jacket and one in a pink jacket, and a little boy in a green jacket holding an apple sitting on a rock.;A bunch of old people sit on a rock.
neutral;two little girls, one in a green jacket and one in a pink jacket, and a little boy in a green jacket holding an apple sitting on a rock.;Three kids are waiting for their fourth friend.
entailment;An old man wearing khaki pants and a brown shirt standing on the sidewalk in front of a building.;The old man is standing outside of a building.
entailment;An old man wearing khaki pants and a brown shirt standing on the sidewalk in front of a building.;An old man is standing by a building in downtown.
contradiction;An old man wearing khaki pants and a brown shirt standing on the sidewalk in front of a building.;The old man is taking a nap at a house.
neutral;A man in costume is ringing a bell.;A man is wearing a Santa costume.
contradiction;A man in costume is ringing a bell.;A man in costume is reading a book.
entailment;A man in costume is ringing a bell.;A man is playing an instrument.
entailment;two female medical personnel read their charts.;The women work in the health field.
neutral;two female medical personnel read their charts.;The women are reading the charts to assess their patients' condition.
contradiction;two female medical personnel read their charts.;The women are playing a game of badminton.
neutral;A person in an orange shirt is laying on the ground while others are standing around her, smiling.;the person is a prisoner
contradiction;A person in an orange shirt is laying on the ground while others are standing around her, smiling.;the person is in blue and running
entailment;A person in an orange shirt is laying on the ground while others are standing around her, smiling.;a person in orange
neutral;Two men stand around a mixing bowl.;Two men are mixing stuff in a bowl.
entailment;Two men stand around a mixing bowl.;Two men are around a bowl.
contradiction;Two men stand around a mixing bowl.;Two men are eating junk food in a car.
neutral;Five people on stage performing and acting while girl lay's on belly.;The troup of actors is performing in a play.
contradiction;Five people on stage performing and acting while girl lay's on belly.;The group of actors performs on the street corner.
entailment;Five people on stage performing and acting while girl lay's on belly.;A groups of people acts on stage.
entailment;Four people are acting behind a woman in a yellow shirt is lying on the ground.;A woman is lying down.
contradiction;Four people are acting behind a woman in a yellow shirt is lying on the ground.;People are dancing outside in the rain.
neutral;Four people are acting behind a woman in a yellow shirt is lying on the ground.;The people are putting on a play.
contradiction;Two men cook together with a metal bowl, near a hanging plant.;Two men discussing on business in office
neutral;Two men cook together with a metal bowl, near a hanging plant.;Two men cooking together
entailment;Two men cook together with a metal bowl, near a hanging plant.;Near a hanging plant, a metal bowl was used to cook by two mens
neutral;a woman on a yellow shirt is on the floor.;A woman lying on her shirt so her pants wont get dirty.
entailment;a woman on a yellow shirt is on the floor.;A woman on top of her clothes.
contradiction;a woman on a yellow shirt is on the floor.;A woman sleeping on her bed
entailment;Two men share a laugh while in the kitchen.;Two men are in the kitchen.
neutral;Two men share a laugh while in the kitchen.;Two men share a laugh while in the kitchen at the table and with dinner on their plates.
contradiction;Two men share a laugh while in the kitchen.;Two men engage in a fight while in the kitchen.
neutral;Two men are cooking in the kitchen using rice milk.;The couple cooks together in the morning.
contradiction;Two men are cooking in the kitchen using rice milk.;The men go out to eat at a restaurant.
entailment;Two men are cooking in the kitchen using rice milk.;Two guys cook using some rice milk.
contradiction;A man windsurfs in a wetsuit.;A man is swimming in the ocean.
neutral;A man windsurfs in a wetsuit.;A man is windsurfing on the lake.
entailment;A man windsurfs in a wetsuit.;A man is windsurfing.
neutral;A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean.;A kite surfer is trying to keep their balance
entailment;A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean.;A kite surfer is falling
contradiction;A kite surfer begins to fall in the ocean.;A kite surfer is flying
entailment;A windsurfer is balancing on choppy water.;There is a windsurfer balancing on choppy water.
contradiction;A windsurfer is balancing on choppy water.;There is a windsurfer who fell on the ground.
neutral;A windsurfer is balancing on choppy water.;There is a windsurfer who fell in choppy water.
contradiction;A man wakeboards on choppy water.;A woman wakeboards on choppy water.
neutral;A man wakeboards on choppy water.;The man is competeing in a competition.
entailment;A man wakeboards on choppy water.;A man is wakeboarding.
entailment;A man parasails in the choppy water.;The water was choppy as the man parasailed.
contradiction;A man parasails in the choppy water.;The man parasailed in the calm water.
neutral;A man parasails in the choppy water.;The calm waves turned choppy as the main started to parasail.
neutral;A woman in a white dress with a tiara sings in a chorus, which has a row of men in sailor hats.;The men in sailor hats are dancing on stage.
entailment;A woman in a white dress with a tiara sings in a chorus, which has a row of men in sailor hats.;The chorus is singing.
contradiction;A woman in a white dress with a tiara sings in a chorus, which has a row of men in sailor hats.;The woman wearing a tiara is getting married.
neutral;A child using a woodworking tool;the child is a woodworker.
contradiction;A child using a woodworking tool;the child is in the bathroom
entailment;A child using a woodworking tool;the child is working with wood.
contradiction;A little kid enjoying some sledding on a winter day.;The kid is wearing skates.
entailment;A little kid enjoying some sledding on a winter day.;There is snow on the ground.
neutral;A little kid enjoying some sledding on a winter day.;The kid is wearing a hat.
contradiction;A person is looking at water jets.;The person is at a car lot.
entailment;A person is looking at water jets.;The person is interested in a water jet.
neutral;A person is looking at water jets.;The person wants a water jet.
entailment;Two people enjoying a water fountain display.;two people by a fountain
contradiction;Two people enjoying a water fountain display.;one dog sleeping
neutral;Two people enjoying a water fountain display.;two people in the water of a fountain
neutral;A boy in a red and blue shirt painting a log.;A boy painting a log in the rain.
entailment;A boy in a red and blue shirt painting a log.;A boy painting a log.
contradiction;A boy in a red and blue shirt painting a log.;A girl aslee on a log.
entailment;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;A log is being painted by a child.
neutral;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;The child is painting the log blue.
entailment;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;A child in a multicolored shirt is painting a log
neutral;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;The child is painting a log for his grandpa.
contradiction;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;The log is chasing the child.
entailment;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;The child is painting the wood.
neutral;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;The boy is painting
neutral;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;A child with clothes on is painting somthing
entailment;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;The child is painting.
neutral;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;A child in a plaid shirt is painting.
contradiction;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;The child in the purple shirt is playing basketball.
contradiction;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;The child uses a log to float down the river.
contradiction;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;The child is wearing a green shirt.
entailment;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;The child is painting.
contradiction;Child in red and blue shirt painting a log.;This crazy dog in a yellow shirt learned how to paint!
contradiction;Two people are next to a fountain with a red bottom and arches of water.;A man is sitting on the couch.
entailment;Two people are next to a fountain with a red bottom and arches of water.;Two people are next to a fountain together.
neutral;Two people are next to a fountain with a red bottom and arches of water.;Two people are next to a fountain in the park.
contradiction;An expectant woman happily lets another listen to the baby inside of her.;A woman shares photos of her unborn child smiling.
entailment;An expectant woman happily lets another listen to the baby inside of her.;A pregnant lady shares the sounds of her pregnancy.
neutral;An expectant woman happily lets another listen to the baby inside of her.;Someone puts their ear up to a pregnant belly.
contradiction;Soccer players on a field from a distance.;Soccer players are in a jacuzzi.
neutral;Soccer players on a field from a distance.;Soccer players are playing an unofficial match.
entailment;Soccer players on a field from a distance.;There are soccer players on the field.
contradiction;Busy ChinaTown street corner where people are walking past an open front store.;The people hang out in France.
entailment;Busy ChinaTown street corner where people are walking past an open front store.;There are people in ChinaTown.
neutral;Busy ChinaTown street corner where people are walking past an open front store.;There are 10 girls on the street.
entailment;A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock.;A human wearing a dress.
contradiction;A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock.;A man wearing a dress at the dock.
neutral;A girl wearing a dress is blowing bubbles at a dock.;A girl standing at the dock in Atlantic City.
entailment;A man wearing a blue shirt is sitting on a brick planter next to some paintings.;A man is sitting down.
contradiction;A man wearing a blue shirt is sitting on a brick planter next to some paintings.;A man is walking down the street.
neutral;A man wearing a blue shirt is sitting on a brick planter next to some paintings.;A man is sitting on a planter admiring the art.
contradiction;A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places.;The ground is pristine.
entailment;A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places.;Someone is wearing formal clothes.
neutral;A child in formal clothing is walking along the edge of a stony area that is littered in places.;The child is wearing a hat.
entailment;A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio.;boy walks accross patio
contradiction;A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio.;girl sits on floor
neutral;A young boy wearing a light blue jacket walks across the brick patio.;boy walking home
neutral;A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass.;He was happy.
entailment;A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass.;The child was walking near the grass making a funny face.
contradiction;A young boy with a blue coat makes a funny face as he walks towards the grass.;The man was walking near the grass making a funny face.
contradiction;A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera.;The boy is smiling broadly.
neutral;A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera.;The little boy hates having his picture taken.
entailment;A little boy with a blue jacket is making a sour face at the camera.;The boy mugs for the camera.
contradiction;People in a truck-full of sacks in a field full of sheep.;Nobody in a truck
neutral;People in a truck-full of sacks in a field full of sheep.;Tall humans in a truck
entailment;People in a truck-full of sacks in a field full of sheep.;Some humans in a truck
neutral;Three construction workers posing with construction materials.;The workers are getting their picture taken.
entailment;Three construction workers posing with construction materials.;The workers are standing still.
contradiction;Three construction workers posing with construction materials.;The workers are doctors.
entailment;Three people stand proudly by a truck stocked with building supplies in the street.;Peole stand by a building supply truck.
contradiction;Three people stand proudly by a truck stocked with building supplies in the street.;A woman bowls a perfect game.
neutral;Three people stand proudly by a truck stocked with building supplies in the street.;Habitat for Humanity prepares to build a house.
neutral;Three working men smile in front of a truck while holding construction equipment.;The three men are laughing at a joke.
contradiction;Three working men smile in front of a truck while holding construction equipment.;There is no one working today.
entailment;Three working men smile in front of a truck while holding construction equipment.;There are three men working.
neutral;Three men are smiling and posing behind a truck loaded with various construction supplies.;Three men are joyously smiling
contradiction;Three men are smiling and posing behind a truck loaded with various construction supplies.;Three men are not smiling
entailment;Three men are smiling and posing behind a truck loaded with various construction supplies.;Three men are smiling
neutral;A view of a marketplace full of people in an asian country.;A busy Asian Market where people are doing business.
contradiction;A view of a marketplace full of people in an asian country.;A lonely place in East Africa.
entailment;A view of a marketplace full of people in an asian country.;A view of a crowed place in an asian country.
entailment;A woman in blue jeans and a dark jacket walks in front of a building.;A woman walked pasted the front of a building.
neutral;A woman in blue jeans and a dark jacket walks in front of a building.;The woman is headed to work.
contradiction;A woman in blue jeans and a dark jacket walks in front of a building.;THe woman is wearing pink shorts and blue jacket.
entailment;The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board.;The person is surfing.
neutral;The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board.;The surfer is in the ocean.
contradiction;The surfer catches a big wave but stays on his board.;The person is skating.
entailment;The dogs run and play with a red ball.;The dogs are playing with a ball.
neutral;The dogs run and play with a red ball.;The dogs are playing catch.
contradiction;The dogs run and play with a red ball.;The ball is blue.
neutral;A white dog running in the backyard.;The dog is chasing a stick.
entailment;A white dog running in the backyard.;The dog is running.
contradiction;A white dog running in the backyard.;The dog is sleeping.
contradiction;A woman wearing orange looking upward.;A woman gazes at her shoes
entailment;A woman wearing orange looking upward.;A woman gazes skyward
neutral;A woman wearing orange looking upward.;A woman looks at an airplane overhead
contradiction;Gray dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard.;A dog is stuck in a tree.
neutral;Gray dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard.;A dog is chasing another dog.
entailment;Gray dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard.;A dog is running outdoors.
neutral;A dog is chasing a ball in a backyard.;A cocker spaniel is playing in the grass.
contradiction;A dog is chasing a ball in a backyard.;A cat is playing with yarn in the kitchen.
entailment;A dog is chasing a ball in a backyard.;A dog is playing in the grass.
neutral;An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture;A couple taking pictures while on vacation
entailment;An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture;A couple taking a picture
contradiction;An older couple posing in front of a fountain for a picture;A couple sleeping in a hotel room
entailment;Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain.;An couple is outside.
contradiction;Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain.;An older couple are inside.
neutral;Older couple posing for a picture in front of a fountain.;Two people are at a park.
entailment;The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain.;A photographer takes a picture of the boy's parents by the fountain.
contradiction;The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain.;A girl and her parents sit by the fountain.
neutral;The parents of the younger male are posing for a picture in front of a water fountain.;A couple has their photo taken outdoors.
neutral;A man and woman watching two kids while the man holds a balloon.;The man is holding a red balloon.
contradiction;A man and woman watching two kids while the man holds a balloon.;The man is carrying a child.
entailment;A man and woman watching two kids while the man holds a balloon.;The man is holding a balloon.
neutral;A group of people sitting at some sort of gathering.;the people are laughing and talking
entailment;A group of people sitting at some sort of gathering.;people are together
contradiction;A group of people sitting at some sort of gathering.;the woman sat at the table alone
entailment;A couple pose in front of a fountain.;There are two people in this picture
neutral;A couple pose in front of a fountain.;They are in Arizona on vacation
contradiction;A couple pose in front of a fountain.;They are waiting to be picked up by aliens
entailment;Two women standing under an umbrella.;two humans close together
neutral;Two women standing under an umbrella.;a couple of friends share an umbrella on a rainy day
contradiction;Two women standing under an umbrella.;two guys walking in the rain
neutral;a brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt.;The dog sees his owner after a few hours.
entailment;a brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt.;A dog is being friendly.
contradiction;a brown dog is jumping up at a woman who is wearing a brown skirt.;A dog attacks a man.
contradiction;One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away.;Two dogs are sleeping next to the lady.
entailment;One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away.;A lady is near two dogs.
neutral;One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away.;The dog jumping is a beagle.
neutral;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;The woman is in a pink dress.
neutral;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;The little dog is also a golden retriever.
contradiction;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;Both of the dogs are corgis.
contradiction;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;Two dogs rest in the sandbox.
neutral;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;The dog greets its owner
contradiction;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;A cat chases the golden retriever.
entailment;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;Two dogs are near a woman.
contradiction;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;A little dog rides on top of the golden retriever
entailment;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;The woman is greeted by the dog
entailment;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;There are at least two dogs present.
entailment;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;Two dogs are both excited.
neutral;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;A dog charges towards the camera because its food is in front of it.
contradiction;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;The dog is running away from the woman.
entailment;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;There are two dogs present.
neutral;A golden retriever is excitedly greeting a woman as a little dog walks towards the camera.;A Corgi walks toward the camera.
neutral;Kids building and destroying objects.;Kids are playing with Legos.
entailment;Kids building and destroying objects.;Kids are playing with things.
contradiction;Kids building and destroying objects.;Kids are playing with live grenades.
contradiction;Children playing with broken office equipment.;Children play baseball in the street.
entailment;Children playing with broken office equipment.;Children play with old equipment.
neutral;Children playing with broken office equipment.;Children practice typing on an old computer.
entailment;Two children are building something on the floor.;Two children are playing.
neutral;Two children are building something on the floor.;Two children are boys.
contradiction;Two children are building something on the floor.;Three people order from a menu.
entailment;Children playing with or cleaning up miscellaneous items.;Kids putting away toys.
contradiction;Children playing with or cleaning up miscellaneous items.;Adults working in a garden.
neutral;Children playing with or cleaning up miscellaneous items.;Boys tossing trash.
contradiction;Young children outside playing with computer junk on the ground.;The children are swimming.
neutral;Young children outside playing with computer junk on the ground.;The children are trying to build a robot.
entailment;Young children outside playing with computer junk on the ground.;The children are playing.
contradiction;Two dogs playing on carpet.;The dogs are in kennels.
entailment;Two dogs playing on carpet.;Two dogs are together.
neutral;Two dogs playing on carpet.;Two dogs are playing with a bone in their masters house.
entailment;Two bulldogs playing on the floor.;the dogs are indoors
contradiction;Two bulldogs playing on the floor.;the dogs are sitting
neutral;Two bulldogs playing on the floor.;the dogs rolling on the floor
contradiction;Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other.;Two cats are chasing each other through the house.
entailment;Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other.;A pair of dogs is playing.
neutral;Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other.;Two puppies are playing together.
contradiction;Two dogs are playing together on white carpet near a couch.;Three dogs are sleeping in the grass.
entailment;Two dogs are playing together on white carpet near a couch.;Two dogs play.
neutral;Two dogs are playing together on white carpet near a couch.;Two brown dogs are playing together.
entailment;A scuba diver stands on top of rocks after emerging from the water.;A scuba diver performnef on top of rocks.
neutral;A scuba diver stands on top of rocks after emerging from the water.;A scuba diver stand on a top of rocks to jump into the well.
contradiction;A scuba diver stands on top of rocks after emerging from the water.;A scuba diver never knows to dive.
entailment;two dogs wrestle.;Two dogs together.
contradiction;two dogs wrestle.;Two dogs sleeping together.
neutral;two dogs wrestle.;Two dogs playing together.
entailment;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;The construction workers are looking at something interesting.
contradiction;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;Some construction workers are falling from a tower.
contradiction;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;None of the construction workers have shovels.
contradiction;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;The construction workers are using a pick axes to poke each other.
neutral;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;3 construction workers poking a dead animal with shovels.
contradiction;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;3 construction workers on their lunch break.
entailment;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;Some construction workers found something intriguing.
contradiction;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;safety workers fly over the clouds
entailment;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;3 construction workers with shovels.
neutral;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;safety workers found a treasure chest
entailment;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;safety workers found something cool.
entailment;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;Three construction workers have shovels.
neutral;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;The workers are poking something that is alive.
neutral;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;Three construction workers have found historical artifacts on their job site.
neutral;3 safety jacket clad Construction workers appear to be poking something interesting with their shovels.;Some construction workers found a body.
entailment;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;Two out of three costruction workers are holding shovels while examining an item in the field.
neutral;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;Three male construction workers hold shovels as they examine something in a field.
contradiction;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;One worker holding a shovel examines something in a field with two colleagues.
neutral;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;Construction workers are looking at a deer in a field.
entailment;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;Three men stand outdoors examining something that is in a field.
neutral;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;All of the construction workers are sweating
entailment;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;Construction workers are looking at something in a field.
neutral;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;Two dogs are playing chase in a field.
contradiction;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;Two of the three are also wearing high heels
entailment;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;Three men are in the field
contradiction;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;Two dogs are sleeping in a house.
contradiction;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;The workers are in the parking lot
neutral;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;They are about to dig
entailment;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;The three workers are outside
contradiction;Three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.;Construction workers are sitting around a table playing poker.
contradiction;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;Most of the workers were female.
neutral;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;Three men are digging graves.
entailment;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;Men are digging.
entailment;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;The male workers were outdoors.
entailment;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;The Three males are working
contradiction;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;The three workers are not working at all.
neutral;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;There are some people digging a hole.
neutral;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;The three workers are digging a hole
neutral;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;The men are construction workers, working in the field.
contradiction;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;Three women are climbing trees.
neutral;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;The male workers were working up a sweat.
entailment;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;There are people working.
contradiction;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;There are nineteen blue cats from Mars.
contradiction;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;The men are wearing very dull work clothes.
entailment;Three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.;The men are working with shovels.
contradiction;People with safety vests stand in a field with shovels.;People in safety vests sit in benches eating lunch.
entailment;People with safety vests stand in a field with shovels.;The people in safety vests are outside.
neutral;People with safety vests stand in a field with shovels.;The safety vests are a bright yellow color.
entailment;Men doing work in a field.;There are men working.
contradiction;Men doing work in a field.;There are women working.
neutral;Men doing work in a field.;There are men working diligently.
contradiction;A man in the city on a cellphone.;A man sleeps on the beach.
neutral;A man in the city on a cellphone.;A man talks to his wife on a cellphone.
entailment;A man in the city on a cellphone.;A man talks on his cellphone.
entailment;Two people heavily dressed, carrying backpacks, walk through snow.;There are two people walking in the snow.
neutral;Two people heavily dressed, carrying backpacks, walk through snow.;The two people are going to school.
neutral;Two people heavily dressed, carrying backpacks, walk through snow.;The two people with backpacks are hiking on a sunny day.
neutral;A silver car with all of its doors open.;It has 4 doors
entailment;A silver car with all of its doors open.;The car has doord
contradiction;A silver car with all of its doors open.;It is a motorcycle
entailment;Two people walk along the side of a snowy mountain.;A man and a woman are walking in the snow.
neutral;Two people walk along the side of a snowy mountain.;People are strolling on a mountain.
contradiction;Two people walk along the side of a snowy mountain.;People are sitting by a snowy mountain.
neutral;Two people climbing a snowy mountain.;Some people are climbing a snowy mountain.
contradiction;Two people climbing a snowy mountain.;Three men are climbing a snowy mountain.
entailment;Two people climbing a snowy mountain.;Two people are climbing a mountain.
neutral;People lean over in the snow.;The people are trying to get a better view of something.
entailment;People lean over in the snow.;There is snow and more than one person.
contradiction;People lean over in the snow.;The day is warm and summery.
entailment;Two people, with buildings behind them, are standing near a blue car with two doors open.;Two people are standing.
neutral;Two people, with buildings behind them, are standing near a blue car with two doors open.;They are looking at the blue car.
contradiction;Two people, with buildings behind them, are standing near a blue car with two doors open.;The car is orange.
entailment;People in a city gathered around a blue station wagon.;People are next to a vehicle in the city.
neutral;People in a city gathered around a blue station wagon.;A family has gathered around a car to say goodbye to a departing relative.
contradiction;People in a city gathered around a blue station wagon.;The station wagon is green.
neutral;A light blue car stopped outside with all its doors open.;A car has been jacked and left abandoned.
contradiction;A light blue car stopped outside with all its doors open.;A car is in a race.
entailment;A light blue car stopped outside with all its doors open.;A car is parked with all of its doors open.
neutral;Woman in white dress holds dove while sitting in flowered tree.;The woman is trying to nurse the dove back to health.
contradiction;Woman in white dress holds dove while sitting in flowered tree.;The woman is wearing black with doves perched in the tree above her.
entailment;Woman in white dress holds dove while sitting in flowered tree.;Woman is outdoors and cradling a dove.
entailment;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;The woman is blonde.
contradiction;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;The woman has red hair.
neutral;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;the woman is a professor
contradiction;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;The woman beats two eggs to make breakfast for her husband.
contradiction;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;The woman is playing the trumpet on the diving board.
neutral;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;The woman is being photographed for a magazine.
entailment;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;A white bird is being held by a woman who is blonde, dressed in a white dress, and sitting in a flowering tree.
entailment;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;The woman uses her other hand to balance on the branch.
neutral;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;A nice looking woman, who is dressed in white, is sitting in a tree holding a bird.
contradiction;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;the woman was under her bed
contradiction;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;A bird is caged by a woman in a house.
entailment;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;the woman was outside
neutral;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;The woman is a fake blonde.
entailment;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;The woman is older than 15 years old.
neutral;A blond woman in a white dress sits in a flowering tree while holding a white bird.;The woman is wearing shoes.
contradiction;a blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree.;A lady is wearing a dress holding a mouse
entailment;a blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree.;A lady is wearing a dress holding a bird
neutral;a blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree.;A lady is wearing a dress holding a friendly bird
entailment;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;There are flowers on the tree
neutral;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;the woman is returning a bird to its nest.
entailment;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;A woman is holding a bird.
contradiction;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;A woman shoveling snow from her driveway.
contradiction;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;the tree has fallen on a bird while sad owner looks concerned
entailment;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;a woman and bird sit together
contradiction;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;the woman is climbing up the tree.
neutral;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;The tree is outdoors
contradiction;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;The woman is standing on the tree
entailment;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;the person is outdoors.
contradiction;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;The woman is swimming in the ocean with her bird.
entailment;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;The woman is older than 15.
neutral;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;a woman puts her bird ina a tree
neutral;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;A woman is feeding a sick bird while sitting in a tree.
neutral;A woman is holding a bird while sitting in a flowering tree.;The woman is holding a black bird.
contradiction;People picking in a marsh.;People are ice fishing.
neutral;People picking in a marsh.;People are picking in a marsh in Louisiana.
entailment;People picking in a marsh.;People are near a body of water.
contradiction;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;A man hunts ducks.
entailment;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;A woman and a bird are near each other.
entailment;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;A woman is outside.
neutral;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;A woman climbed a tree.
entailment;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;Woman in a tree.
contradiction;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;Woman is standing next to a tree.
neutral;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;The woman is listening to the dove
contradiction;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;The woman is standing on a branch.
contradiction;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;The woman is sleeping.
neutral;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;Some birds are in a tree.
contradiction;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;The lady is in her apartment staring at a sparrow.
entailment;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;A woman is near a bird
neutral;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;A woman tends to an injured bird at the bird's nest.
neutral;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;The lady is touching a dove.
entailment;Woman sitting in tree with dove.;The lady and the bird are outside.
entailment;two people working in water next to field;Two people are next to a field.
contradiction;two people working in water next to field;Three people are relaxing inside.
neutral;two people working in water next to field;Two people are planting rice.
contradiction;Two people are planting small bushes near a grassy area.;Two people are planting trees.
neutral;Two people are planting small bushes near a grassy area.;Two people are planting bushes for charity.
entailment;Two people are planting small bushes near a grassy area.;Two people are planting something.
neutral;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;A person is walking in front of an outdoor mural of the president.
contradiction;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;A guy is gay.
entailment;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;A girl walking in front of a mural featuring a portrait of a bald guy.
neutral;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;A woman is on her way home and passes a mural.
entailment;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;a lady walks past a large painting outside
contradiction;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;a cat flies an airplane
contradiction;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;A person is walking past the portrait of our new alien overlord king.
entailment;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;A person walks in front of a wall painting of a man with no hair.
entailment;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;A person is outdoors.
neutral;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;A woman is looking at an outdoor mural.
neutral;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;A girl walking in front painting featuring a guy wearing black.
neutral;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;a lady walks past a large painting that she did
contradiction;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;A woman is looking at a mural inside of a museum.
entailment;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;A person is walking in front of an outdoor portrait of a man.
contradiction;a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.;A man walks behind a wall mural.
entailment;A woman dressed in a white shirt is walking by graffiti.;A woman is walking.
contradiction;A woman dressed in a white shirt is walking by graffiti.;A woman is spray painting a building.
neutral;A woman dressed in a white shirt is walking by graffiti.;A woman is walking in a dangerous neighborhood.
neutral;Woman walking by a mural of an old bald man.;A woman is walking in an art museum.
contradiction;Woman walking by a mural of an old bald man.;A woman watches tv.
entailment;Woman walking by a mural of an old bald man.;A woman sees a mural.
entailment;This wall has a picture of a man on it.;There is a wall and it has a picture on it.
neutral;This wall has a picture of a man on it.;There is a wall with a painting on it.
contradiction;This wall has a picture of a man on it.;There is a bare wall.
entailment;A woman walks by a mural.;there is a female in this picture
contradiction;A woman walks by a mural.;She is rollerblading with fifteen dogs
neutral;A woman walks by a mural.;She is admiring the painting on the wall
contradiction;A woman is a red tank top is riding horse.;There is no person is on a horse.
neutral;A woman is a red tank top is riding horse.;A woman is horseback riding the fields.
entailment;A woman is a red tank top is riding horse.;A woman is horseback.
contradiction;Two men riding on a motorbike in an Asian community.;Two men are superheroes.
neutral;Two men riding on a motorbike in an Asian community.;Two men are Asian.
entailment;Two men riding on a motorbike in an Asian community.;Two men are riding bikes.
contradiction;A man sits on a deck, taking a break from fishing.;A man sits in his fishing boat out at sea.
entailment;A man sits on a deck, taking a break from fishing.;A man sits on a deck.
neutral;A man sits on a deck, taking a break from fishing.;A man sits on a deck with his fishing pole nearby.
neutral;The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles.;The man is on a pier.
entailment;The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles.;The man is sitting.
contradiction;The man is sitting on a wooden rail near two fishing poles.;The man is in the desert.
entailment;Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles.;The person is next to a fishing pole.
contradiction;Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles.;The person is sitting next to one fishing pole.
neutral;Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles.;The fishing poles belong to the perosn.
entailment;A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him.;A man with fishing poles behind him sits on a bench.
contradiction;A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him.;A man sits on a wooden bench in a train station filled with bags.
neutral;A man sits on the edge of a wooden bench with two fishing poles behind him.;A man sides on a green painted wooden bench.
contradiction;A man sits on the edge of a brige, looking out, fishing poles behind him.;A man sleeping.
entailment;A man sits on the edge of a brige, looking out, fishing poles behind him.;A man fishing.
neutral;A man sits on the edge of a brige, looking out, fishing poles behind him.;A man catching a bass.
contradiction;Young men and women gather outside in the streets for a party.;Young men and women are gathering inside in the streets for a party.
neutral;Young men and women gather outside in the streets for a party.;Young men and women are gathering outside to celebrate the Fourth of July.
entailment;Young men and women gather outside in the streets for a party.;Men and women are outside.
neutral;People on the roof of a building look down on a crowded street.;People are outside on the roof looking at an accident on the street.
contradiction;People on the roof of a building look down on a crowded street.;People are inside of the building.
entailment;People on the roof of a building look down on a crowded street.;People are outside.
contradiction;Several people watching a scene on the street below from an apartment building.;The people are surfing in the ocean.
entailment;Several people watching a scene on the street below from an apartment building.;The people are looking out the window.
neutral;Several people watching a scene on the street below from an apartment building.;The people are suprised.
contradiction;A group of people gathered around a brick building that has three men on top of it.;The building is wooden.
neutral;A group of people gathered around a brick building that has three men on top of it.;The men are making a lot of noise.
entailment;A group of people gathered around a brick building that has three men on top of it.;The building is occupied.
contradiction;A man playing the guitar is jumping.;The man rows the boat down the river.
neutral;A man playing the guitar is jumping.;The guitarist ends the song with a leap.
entailment;A man playing the guitar is jumping.;The guitarist performs.
entailment;A young man in black glasses and a striped shirt jumping up while playing a guitar.;A man is playing the guitar.
neutral;A young man in black glasses and a striped shirt jumping up while playing a guitar.;A man gets excited as he performs his music in front of the large crowd.
contradiction;A young man in black glasses and a striped shirt jumping up while playing a guitar.;A man sits calmly as he plays a slow piece for the group on his guitar.
neutral;a young man playing an electric guitar while jumping up and down in front of fans.;The guitar playing a new solo he just worked on.
contradiction;a young man playing an electric guitar while jumping up and down in front of fans.;The guitar playing is rolling around on the floor covered with peanuts.
entailment;a young man playing an electric guitar while jumping up and down in front of fans.;A guitar playing is playing for a audience.
neutral;The guy in a striped shirt is playing his electric guitar.;A male has a musical instrument taking request.
contradiction;The guy in a striped shirt is playing his electric guitar.;A couple at an outdoor concert.
entailment;The guy in a striped shirt is playing his electric guitar.;A male has an instrument.
contradiction;A man in a striped polo plays a blue electric guitar.;The man is riding a unicycle in the circus.
entailment;A man in a striped polo plays a blue electric guitar.;The man is wearing a polo shirt.
neutral;A man in a striped polo plays a blue electric guitar.;The man is playing music.
contradiction;Two men playing instruments for money while a woman is on her phone.;a kid using a straw
entailment;Two men playing instruments for money while a woman is on her phone.;people playing instruments for money
neutral;Two men playing instruments for money while a woman is on her phone.;people playing instruments for money because they are homeless
entailment;Two men, playing a soprano saxophone and guitar play music on a street corner while a listener checks her phone.;the men were playing music on the street corner
contradiction;Two men, playing a soprano saxophone and guitar play music on a street corner while a listener checks her phone.;the musicians were playing in a large stadium
neutral;Two men, playing a soprano saxophone and guitar play music on a street corner while a listener checks her phone.;the listener was using an iphone to check her texts
contradiction;A lady standing on the corner using her phone.;She is inside her house
entailment;A lady standing on the corner using her phone.;The lady is outside
neutral;A lady standing on the corner using her phone.;The lady has a smartphone
contradiction;A girl photographs street musicians with her phone.;Girl calls her mom
neutral;A girl photographs street musicians with her phone.;Girl recording a video
entailment;A girl photographs street musicians with her phone.;Girl taking picture
entailment;A person aquestrian horse jumping over a wooden fence.;A person horse jumping
neutral;A person aquestrian horse jumping over a wooden fence.;A person who was surgically connected to a horse escapes from captivity.
contradiction;A person aquestrian horse jumping over a wooden fence.;A person kills a horse to send it to a glue factory.
neutral;Two men are playing instruments on a sidewalk.;Street performers make their living on the corner.
entailment;Two men are playing instruments on a sidewalk.;Street performers show their skills.
contradiction;Two men are playing instruments on a sidewalk.;Two musicians perform in a sold out hall.
neutral;A woman wearing a black top and red skirt is throwing a ball into the air.;A woman is playing catch with her son.
entailment;A woman wearing a black top and red skirt is throwing a ball into the air.;A female is tossing a round object.
contradiction;A woman wearing a black top and red skirt is throwing a ball into the air.;A man is throwing a frisbee.
neutral;Several people read by a campfire at night.;The people are camping by the river.
entailment;Several people read by a campfire at night.;There are people outside.
contradiction;Several people read by a campfire at night.;The people are sitting in the classroom.
neutral;A dog swims in the water.;A dog is swimming to it's owner.
entailment;A dog swims in the water.;A dog is swimming outside.
contradiction;A dog swims in the water.;A frog swims in the water.
contradiction;Three people sitting around a fire.;People on a plane.
entailment;Three people sitting around a fire.;Three people outside.
neutral;Three people sitting around a fire.;People camping.
contradiction;A group of people are burning things.;The lonely camper poured water on the campfire.
entailment;A group of people are burning things.;A group of people are burning stuff.
neutral;A group of people are burning things.;A group of people are burning everything they can.
contradiction;A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.;A hippo is swimming in a lake.
entailment;A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.;An animal is swimming outside.
neutral;A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.;The dog is retrieving a duck.
neutral;three people sit around a campfire.;The three people cook hot dogs
entailment;three people sit around a campfire.;The fire burns on
contradiction;three people sit around a campfire.;The four girls put out the fire
entailment;A dog swims through deep water.;Dog swimming in water.
contradiction;A dog swims through deep water.;Dog running in an open field.
neutral;A dog swims through deep water.;The dog has long hair.
contradiction;A black and white dog is swimming.;a dog dries itself off
neutral;A black and white dog is swimming.;a dog is swimming at the lake
entailment;A black and white dog is swimming.;There is an animal in water
contradiction;A woman helps boys on a computer.;The woman is helping a kid eat.
neutral;A woman helps boys on a computer.;The boy is writing his English paper.
entailment;A woman helps boys on a computer.;The boy is using a computer
contradiction;A woman in a butchers shop leans over a counter and handles a large strip of meat.;A woman makes pizza.
neutral;A woman in a butchers shop leans over a counter and handles a large strip of meat.;The lady butcher shows a customer a large cut.
entailment;A woman in a butchers shop leans over a counter and handles a large strip of meat.;A woman handles meat.
entailment;A woman with thinning hair is working in a meat processing plant.;A woman is working a tough job.
contradiction;A woman with thinning hair is working in a meat processing plant.;A man is watching his employees.
neutral;A woman with thinning hair is working in a meat processing plant.;The woman is working inside.
entailment;A woman is handling meat from a clear glass meat cage while standing before a wooden counter with a large metal bowl on it.;Woman handling meat from in front of a wooden counter.
contradiction;A woman is handling meat from a clear glass meat cage while standing before a wooden counter with a large metal bowl on it.;Woman petting her dog in the backyard, on a calm sunny day.
neutral;A woman is handling meat from a clear glass meat cage while standing before a wooden counter with a large metal bowl on it.;Female chef preparing meat at a large wooden counter, with seasonings in a bowl.
neutral;A room full of children raise their hands, fingers extended, to the sky.;There is a room full of seventeen children.
entailment;A room full of children raise their hands, fingers extended, to the sky.;There is a room full of children.
contradiction;A room full of children raise their hands, fingers extended, to the sky.;There is a room with a single child.
neutral;A woman walks past a fountain with palm trees in the background.;A girl walks passed a puddle with trees behind here.
entailment;A woman walks past a fountain with palm trees in the background.;A woman walks past water with tall trees in the background.
contradiction;A woman walks past a fountain with palm trees in the background.;A woman goes for a swim in the water fountain with trees in the background.
neutral;people raise their hands.;People are in class.
entailment;people raise their hands.;People are waiting to answer questions.
contradiction;people raise their hands.;The people are being rude.
entailment;An African American man in a suit gestures with his hands as he speaks.;A black man in a suit is moving his hands diligently while speaking.
contradiction;An African American man in a suit gestures with his hands as he speaks.;A white man in overalls is moving his hands while speaking.
neutral;An African American man in a suit gestures with his hands as he speaks.;A black man has great enthusiasm and is waving his hands while speaking.
entailment;A man is browsing things for sale on the street.;A man is browsing things for sale on the road.
neutral;A man is browsing things for sale on the street.;A sad man is browsing things for sale on the street.
contradiction;A man is browsing things for sale on the street.;A woman is browsing things for sale on the street.
entailment;A man on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.;A man outside on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.
neutral;A man on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.;A man is giving his house a fresh coat of paint.
contradiction;A man on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.;Picasso is doodling in a notebook.
neutral;Repairing a house in the hot sun how unfunny that has to be.;The sun is shining directly on the house to be repaired.
contradiction;Repairing a house in the hot sun how unfunny that has to be.;Its raining outside.
entailment;Repairing a house in the hot sun how unfunny that has to be.;It is to warm to be outside.
contradiction;A man in khaki pants and a light shirt and hat stands on scaffolding to apply stucco to a building.;A man is playing basketball.
neutral;A man in khaki pants and a light shirt and hat stands on scaffolding to apply stucco to a building.;A construction worker is repairing siding.
entailment;A man in khaki pants and a light shirt and hat stands on scaffolding to apply stucco to a building.;A man is wearing a hat.
entailment;Children getting temporary tattoos from a Muslim lady.;Children get some temporary bodily decorations
contradiction;Children getting temporary tattoos from a Muslim lady.;Old man paint on canvas by the river
neutral;Children getting temporary tattoos from a Muslim lady.;Children at a festival get temporary tattoos
neutral;A little boy with blue jeans runs on the leaves in the woods.;A small boy runs away from his babysitter and into the woods.
contradiction;A little boy with blue jeans runs on the leaves in the woods.;A girl is dancing.
entailment;A little boy with blue jeans runs on the leaves in the woods.;The boy is playing in the woods.
contradiction;A young boy in a blue shirt is walking on a trail through the woods.;The boy is sitting inside his tent.
entailment;A young boy in a blue shirt is walking on a trail through the woods.;A boy is outside.
neutral;A young boy in a blue shirt is walking on a trail through the woods.;A young boy is looking for birds in the woods.
contradiction;A young child with blond-hair, wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking in the woods.;A young girl plays with dolls.
neutral;A young child with blond-hair, wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking in the woods.;A child walks through the woods looking for animals.
entailment;A young child with blond-hair, wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking in the woods.;A young child walks through the woods.
neutral;A small child in blue shirt and blue jeans is running through a wooded path over dry leaves.;A child is running in Autumn with his dad.
entailment;A small child in blue shirt and blue jeans is running through a wooded path over dry leaves.;A child is running over leaves.
contradiction;A small child in blue shirt and blue jeans is running through a wooded path over dry leaves.;An old man is running over leaves.
neutral;Young boy jogging through the forest.;Little Timmy was chased by goblins through the forest
contradiction;Young boy jogging through the forest.;A kid sits by the stream
entailment;Young boy jogging through the forest.;A child runs through the woods
neutral;a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field.;A boy is running through a rose garden.
entailment;a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field.;A child is running.
contradiction;a small child in a pink shirt running through a flowery field.;A puppy is sitting.
entailment;A crew gets ready at the sideline in an empty basketball stadium.;A crew is getting ready
neutral;A crew gets ready at the sideline in an empty basketball stadium.;The team loses the game.
neutral;A crew gets ready at the sideline in an empty basketball stadium.;The team is playing basketball
contradiction;Men standing at the edge of a basketball court talking to each other.;the men are sitting in a restaurant.
entailment;Men standing at the edge of a basketball court talking to each other.;The men are having a conversation.
neutral;Men standing at the edge of a basketball court talking to each other.;The men talk about their game.
entailment;commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game.;Commentators and broadcasters are preparing at the arena before a game
neutral;commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game.;Commentators and broadcasters are rehearsing at the arena before a game
contradiction;commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game.;Commentators and broadcasters are rushing through traffic before a game
neutral;Three basketball commentators are talking while standing on the sidelines.;Three basketball commentators are yelling
contradiction;Three basketball commentators are talking while standing on the sidelines.;Three basketball commentators are fighting the basketball players.
entailment;Three basketball commentators are talking while standing on the sidelines.;Three people are watching basketball from the sideline
neutral;Reporters or commentators at a sporting event are standing and sitting behind a large sign.;Reporters or commentators at a sporting event await the press conference from the head coach.
entailment;Reporters or commentators at a sporting event are standing and sitting behind a large sign.;A group of people have gathered at a sporting event behind a large sign.
contradiction;Reporters or commentators at a sporting event are standing and sitting behind a large sign.;No one gathered at a sporting event near the large sign.
entailment;Two women attempt to blow out the candles of a multicolored, multi-tiered cake while a third woman holds a candle up in the air.;There is fire visible in the shot.
contradiction;Two women attempt to blow out the candles of a multicolored, multi-tiered cake while a third woman holds a candle up in the air.;There is only one food item visible, and it is a burrito.
neutral;Two women attempt to blow out the candles of a multicolored, multi-tiered cake while a third woman holds a candle up in the air.;One of the women is having her 30th birthday.
contradiction;A girl touches the fountain with her foot.;A volcano erupts.
entailment;A girl touches the fountain with her foot.;A girl and a fountain.
neutral;A girl touches the fountain with her foot.;A girl and a drinking fountain.
contradiction;A little girl dressed in pink and white is walking.;The girl is being blown away by the wind.
entailment;A little girl dressed in pink and white is walking.;A girl is wearing pink and white.
neutral;A little girl dressed in pink and white is walking.;The girl has a handbasket.
entailment;A young girl in all pink clothing walking.;A child is wearing only one color.
contradiction;A young girl in all pink clothing walking.;The girl is wearing all blue clothing.
neutral;A young girl in all pink clothing walking.;The girl is walking to school.
contradiction;A young Asian girl wearing a pink outfit is walking past a bicycle.;A young girl wears blue in the classroom.
neutral;A young Asian girl wearing a pink outfit is walking past a bicycle.;A young girl wears pink with black shoes.
entailment;A young Asian girl wearing a pink outfit is walking past a bicycle.;A young girl wears a pink outfit.
entailment;A man poses in mid jump beside a left turn road sign and a recumbent bicycle in the snow, behind him there is a large body of water.;A man is posing beside a road sign in the snow
neutral;A man poses in mid jump beside a left turn road sign and a recumbent bicycle in the snow, behind him there is a large body of water.;A man is making faces while jumping in the air.
contradiction;A man poses in mid jump beside a left turn road sign and a recumbent bicycle in the snow, behind him there is a large body of water.;A child is running down the road.
entailment;The little girl is dressed in pink.;A little girl is dressed in the same color.
neutral;The little girl is dressed in pink.;A little girl is wearing a pink dress.
contradiction;The little girl is dressed in pink.;Nobody is there.
entailment;A man jumping up in the snow next to a body of water.;It is snowing.
neutral;A man jumping up in the snow next to a body of water.;The man is exercising.
contradiction;A man jumping up in the snow next to a body of water.;It is very hot.
neutral;A young boy paddling in a body of water on a small floating vessel near the shoreline.;A little boy is swimming by the Jersey Shore
contradiction;A young boy paddling in a body of water on a small floating vessel near the shoreline.;A little boy is swimming in his backyard pool
entailment;A young boy paddling in a body of water on a small floating vessel near the shoreline.;A little boy is outside in the water
neutral;A nurse treating a child with cleft palate.;child got hurt on bike
entailment;A nurse treating a child with cleft palate.;nurse treats child
contradiction;A nurse treating a child with cleft palate.;moose eats trees
contradiction;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;There is only one person present.
neutral;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;Three kids prepare to go canoeing while their friend uses his kayak.
contradiction;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;Some kids are taking a test at school.
entailment;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;Three kids stand at the shore of a lake.
neutral;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;The kids are all at camp.
contradiction;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;A ship sinks in the ocean.
neutral;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;The kids are getting ready to go for a swim.
neutral;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;The redheaded boy is ready to kayak on the lake.
entailment;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;There are multiple people present.
entailment;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;A boy in a yellow kayak.
neutral;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;A church youth group prepares to go out on the lake in kayaks and canoes.
entailment;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;Three children stand near a clear lake and some canoes, while a fourth child sits in a kayak holding a paddle, dressed in red.
entailment;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;The grass is green.
contradiction;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;A lake is trying to pull the kids into it.
contradiction;There are four canoes in the background, beautiful green grass, with three kids standing at the shore of the lake, that is crystal and crisp looking, and there is a redheaded boy wearing a red shirt, red life vest, and is in a yellow kayak, with a double ended yellow paddle.;There is no water in the lake.
neutral;In the background, there are 3 people on the shore among several canoes, and the young man in the foreground is paddling through the water, while wearing a life jacket and smiling.;The people are on a family canoe trip.
entailment;In the background, there are 3 people on the shore among several canoes, and the young man in the foreground is paddling through the water, while wearing a life jacket and smiling.;A young man is canoeing.
contradiction;In the background, there are 3 people on the shore among several canoes, and the young man in the foreground is paddling through the water, while wearing a life jacket and smiling.;A group of people white water rafts down a raging river.
neutral;a child is paddleboarding outdoors;A child goes paddleboarding for the first time.
contradiction;a child is paddleboarding outdoors;An old man falls off a paddleboard.
entailment;a child is paddleboarding outdoors;A small human in the water.
entailment;A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head.;A child has a bowl on her head.
neutral;A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head.;A young girl has a bowl on her head filled with spaghetti.
contradiction;A smiling young girl sitting at a table has an upturned bowl on her head.;A girl has a plate on her head.
neutral;Three men sit together while one looks at a book.;Three men are reading the bible.
entailment;Three men sit together while one looks at a book.;People are staring at text.
contradiction;Three men sit together while one looks at a book.;Women are reading a book.
entailment;A nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op.;A nurse monitors a patient.
contradiction;A nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op.;A nurse is administering an injection.
entailment;A nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op.;A woman watching over a person.
contradiction;The little girl in the blue sweater is reading her book.;A little girl is playing a board game with her brother.
neutral;The little girl in the blue sweater is reading her book.;A small child is reading her book to her stuffed animals.
entailment;The little girl in the blue sweater is reading her book.;A small child is holding a book.
contradiction;The nurse smiles as she gently rubs the tummy of the sleeping child.;The sleeping child is standing.
entailment;The nurse smiles as she gently rubs the tummy of the sleeping child.;The sleeping child is in the hospital.
neutral;The nurse smiles as she gently rubs the tummy of the sleeping child.;The sleeping child lies on a hospital bed.
neutral;A little girl with a backpack sitting down looking at a book.;the girl reads a book about dogs
entailment;A little girl with a backpack sitting down looking at a book.;the girl reads a book
contradiction;A little girl with a backpack sitting down looking at a book.;the dog eats rats
entailment;A baseball player holds his bat, while the catcher and umpire squat behind him and a crowd watches.;The crowd watches a baseball game
contradiction;A baseball player holds his bat, while the catcher and umpire squat behind him and a crowd watches.;The crowd is watching a track meet.
neutral;A baseball player holds his bat, while the catcher and umpire squat behind him and a crowd watches.;The Pirates are playing the Mets.
neutral;There is a baseball player standing at home plate, the catcher behind him has his hand up in the air with his glove, and the umpire is standing behind him, and many people in the stands.;The final game of the championship is being played while many fans are in the stands.
contradiction;There is a baseball player standing at home plate, the catcher behind him has his hand up in the air with his glove, and the umpire is standing behind him, and many people in the stands.;Fans fill the seats as they watch their favorite soccer teams battle it out on the pitch.
entailment;There is a baseball player standing at home plate, the catcher behind him has his hand up in the air with his glove, and the umpire is standing behind him, and many people in the stands.;A baseball game is being played.
neutral;A baseball player getting ready to bat.;The baseball player is batting with a blue bat.
entailment;A baseball player getting ready to bat.;The player is ready to hit.
contradiction;A baseball player getting ready to bat.;The basketball player is going to throw the ball.
entailment;A man in a red and white uniform holding a bat.;One man with a bat wearing red and white.
contradiction;A man in a red and white uniform holding a bat.;Someone wearing green and yellow holds a crickett bat.
neutral;A man in a red and white uniform holding a bat.;A man is up next to bat.
entailment;A baseball player is holding a bat.;The person has a piece of athletic equipment.
neutral;A baseball player is holding a bat.;The man will hit a ball.
contradiction;A baseball player is holding a bat.;An athlete is playing piano.
entailment;A lone boat sitting in the water.;A boat sits alone at the docks edge.
contradiction;A lone boat sitting in the water.;The boat was surrounded by other large steam ships.
neutral;A lone boat sitting in the water.;A boat is floating.
entailment;A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall flowers.;A girl in a tank top and pants is running.
neutral;A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall flowers.;A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall yellow flowers.
contradiction;A girl in a pink tank top and green pants is running through a field of tall flowers.;A girl in a blue dress is sitting under a tall tree.
contradiction;Four ice skaters racing around a corner.;The people are sitting on a couch.
neutral;Four ice skaters racing around a corner.;The people are all on the same team.
entailment;Four ice skaters racing around a corner.;The people are racing.
entailment;Two men talk at a crowded beach on a nice day.;Two men talk at the beach.
contradiction;Two men talk at a crowded beach on a nice day.;Two men talk in the rain.
neutral;Two men talk at a crowded beach on a nice day.;Two men talk about their wives at the beach.
entailment;Four skaters are competing in a high speed skating competition, and turning on the track.;Four people are skating.
contradiction;Four skaters are competing in a high speed skating competition, and turning on the track.;Four people are at the bar.
neutral;Four skaters are competing in a high speed skating competition, and turning on the track.;Four people are racing.
entailment;Four athletes from two different teams are competing in their sport on the ice rink.;People are playing a game on the ice.
contradiction;Four athletes from two different teams are competing in their sport on the ice rink.;The couple is taking a picture.
neutral;Four athletes from two different teams are competing in their sport on the ice rink.;People are playing a game wearing colorful skates.
entailment;Four people turn a corner in a speed skating event.;The people are skating.
neutral;Four people turn a corner in a speed skating event.;The skaters compete in an olympic qualifying event.
contradiction;Four people turn a corner in a speed skating event.;The boy and girl are swimming across the lake.
entailment;Four women participating in an ice-skating race.;Some humans participating.
contradiction;Four women participating in an ice-skating race.;Huge humans participating.
neutral;Four women participating in an ice-skating race.;No humans participating
contradiction;A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field.;The soccer players are standing around drinking water.
entailment;A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field.;Soccer players are running on the grass.
neutral;A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field.;A soccer team practices after school.
neutral;Runners in a marathon going uphill.;Runners must go uphill in the marathon to reach the checkpoint.
entailment;Runners in a marathon going uphill.;Runners run in the marathon.
contradiction;Runners in a marathon going uphill.;The runners will not go uphill.
contradiction;An older man in jeans and a sweater is lifting down a box from the top of a pile.;The man is eating dinner.
neutral;An older man in jeans and a sweater is lifting down a box from the top of a pile.;The man is looking for something in the boxes.
entailment;An older man in jeans and a sweater is lifting down a box from the top of a pile.;The man is moving a box,
entailment;An older man places a wooden crate on top of a stack of wooden crates.;A man stacking crates.
neutral;An older man places a wooden crate on top of a stack of wooden crates.;A man counting stock and moving crates.
contradiction;An older man places a wooden crate on top of a stack of wooden crates.;A man stacking boxes in a truck.
entailment;Man in sweater stacks wooden crates next to pile of plastic crates.;A man working hard.
neutral;Man in sweater stacks wooden crates next to pile of plastic crates.;A guy like to keep things tidy.
contradiction;Man in sweater stacks wooden crates next to pile of plastic crates.;A chicken prepares for battle.
entailment;Man stacking wooden crates on top of each other.;A man performs simple work functions.
neutral;Man stacking wooden crates on top of each other.;A man is using a machine to stack crates.
contradiction;Man stacking wooden crates on top of each other.;A man stacks crates next to each other.
contradiction;An elderly male is reaching for a crate.;A woman standing on a crate
neutral;An elderly male is reaching for a crate.;A man and a crate
entailment;An elderly male is reaching for a crate.;An old man trying to get to a crate
entailment;A girl in a green sweatshirt sitting down and a girl in a dress leaning on blue lockers.;One girl is sitting.
contradiction;A girl in a green sweatshirt sitting down and a girl in a dress leaning on blue lockers.;The girl is swimming.
neutral;A girl in a green sweatshirt sitting down and a girl in a dress leaning on blue lockers.;The girls are getting dressed for the game.
entailment;A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers;A girl is busy reading while another sits nearby.
contradiction;A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers;Two girls are getting books out of their lockers.
neutral;A girl is on a stool while another girl is reading and leaning on some lockers;Two girls are in school.
entailment;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;Men are working.
contradiction;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;Two men are inside a boat.
neutral;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;Construction workers are digging a hole behind the fence.
entailment;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;Two men are working outside.
contradiction;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;Two men are standing on top of a fence.
entailment;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;Two men a hats and yellow shirts are working behind a fence.
contradiction;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;The group of men are fighting chickens behind a fence.
entailment;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;Two men work.
neutral;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;The men in hats and shirts are working fast behind a fence.
entailment;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;Two men work behind a fence.
neutral;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;Two men work on digging up something behind a fence.
neutral;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;The men wear uniforms.
neutral;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;Two men are gardeners.
contradiction;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;Two men in yellow shirts doze off in the grass.
contradiction;Two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.;Tulips grow out of Popeye's ears.
contradiction;Two men wearing bright green shirts are looking for something by a bush.;Two women are looking for something.
neutral;Two men wearing bright green shirts are looking for something by a bush.;Two men are looking for a lost ring.
entailment;Two men wearing bright green shirts are looking for something by a bush.;Two men are looking for something.
entailment;Two workers in neon green shirts opening a utility box.;Two workers are opening a utility box.
contradiction;Two workers in neon green shirts opening a utility box.;Two workers are hammering in nails on a deck.
neutral;Two workers in neon green shirts opening a utility box.;Two electricians are opening a utility box.
neutral;Men wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.;Sad Men wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.
entailment;Men wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.;People wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.
contradiction;Men wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.;Women wearing lime green shirts work behind a chain link fence.
contradiction;Two people doing yard work.;Two people sitting at a desk
neutral;Two people doing yard work.;Two people planting a vegetable garden
entailment;Two people doing yard work.;People working in a yard
entailment;A man with a drink cup is talking to another man.;Two guys are talking.
contradiction;A man with a drink cup is talking to another man.;Five girls are talking.
neutral;A man with a drink cup is talking to another man.;Two guys are talking and someone interrupts them.
neutral;An older man with a cane stands against a wall.;A disabled man is resting his painful back
entailment;An older man with a cane stands against a wall.;A person is standing
contradiction;An older man with a cane stands against a wall.;A man is sitting on the train
entailment;One person holds a giant snowball over two others on the ground in a snowy background.;People are outside in the snow.
neutral;One person holds a giant snowball over two others on the ground in a snowy background.;One person holds a giant snowball over two others on the school grounds in a snowy background.
contradiction;One person holds a giant snowball over two others on the ground in a snowy background.;One person is holding two other people hostage with a gun on a plane.
entailment;A man holding a large chunk of snow over two people on the ground.;The guy is getting ready to throw snow at some people.
contradiction;A man holding a large chunk of snow over two people on the ground.;The father and the two kids are playing on the beach.
neutral;A man holding a large chunk of snow over two people on the ground.;The father is going to throw snow on his two kids.
entailment;Two friends await their demise as a man with a giant snowball held above his head waits for the perfect time to strike;Humans waiting
neutral;Two friends await their demise as a man with a giant snowball held above his head waits for the perfect time to strike;Tall humans waiting
contradiction;Two friends await their demise as a man with a giant snowball held above his head waits for the perfect time to strike;Nobody is waiting
contradiction;two dogs playing;The two dogs are sleeping under the porch of the house.
entailment;two dogs playing;There are two animals in this picture.
neutral;two dogs playing;The two dogs are chasing a frisbee across the field, thrown over and over by their owner.
entailment;Two dogs look at one another outside.;Two dogs are outside.
neutral;Two dogs look at one another outside.;Two dogs are in the backyard glaring at each other over which will get to reach the bone first.
contradiction;Two dogs look at one another outside.;Four dogs look at one another inside.
entailment;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;Two little dogs run across the grass.
entailment;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;animals are running outdoors
neutral;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;It is raining on two dogs.
contradiction;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;the pets are laying on the floor inside.
entailment;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;The canines run near each other.
neutral;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;A pair of dogs are playing together.
contradiction;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;Three cats are sleeping.
contradiction;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;The dogs fall asleep near the cats.
entailment;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;Two dogs are outside.
contradiction;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;Two dogs sit down.
neutral;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;some small dogs are running to their owners
neutral;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;Two small brown dogs run across the green grass.
neutral;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;One dog chases after the other dog.
entailment;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;Two dogs are outside.
contradiction;Two small dogs run across the green grass.;Two large dogs run across the sidewalk.
entailment;Three people playing in the snow.;Three people play outside
contradiction;Three people playing in the snow.;Three people sit in a hot tub
neutral;Three people playing in the snow.;Three people build a snowman
neutral;two small dogs playing with each other in the grass;Two dogs are playing tug-o-war.
entailment;two small dogs playing with each other in the grass;Two dogs are playing.
contradiction;two small dogs playing with each other in the grass;Two dogs are fighting.
entailment;A man in a white jacket standing in front of an older woman in a white jacket playing crochet.;The man wearing the jacket stood in front of two women.
-;A man in a white jacket standing in front of an older woman in a white jacket playing crochet.;The man was playing crochet with the two women.
contradiction;A man in a white jacket standing in front of an older woman in a white jacket playing crochet.;The man was wearing a black jacket.
contradiction;a woman in a coat watching a man in a jacket kick balls.;A woman sees a man sitting still.
neutral;a woman in a coat watching a man in a jacket kick balls.;A woman is watching a sporting event.
entailment;a woman in a coat watching a man in a jacket kick balls.;A woman is watching a man kick things.
contradiction;A man and woman are looking at many balls on the ground.;A girl looking at some squares on the bench
neutral;A man and woman are looking at many balls on the ground.;A married couple examining some balls
entailment;A man and woman are looking at many balls on the ground.;Two people looking at balls
contradiction;A man and old woman is playing a game;Two kids watch tv.
entailment;A man and old woman is playing a game;Two people play a game.
neutral;A man and old woman is playing a game;An old woman plays a game with her son.
entailment;a black dog digging through the snow.;The puppy is playing outside.
neutral;a black dog digging through the snow.;The animal likes to roll in the winter to stay warm.
contradiction;a black dog digging through the snow.;The pet is inside the house.
entailment;Elderly bald man with a beard playing the guitar in a band.;There are people making music together.
contradiction;Elderly bald man with a beard playing the guitar in a band.;The band is eating lunch at their favorite cafe
neutral;Elderly bald man with a beard playing the guitar in a band.;The band is playing a benefit concert in the park.
entailment;An older man plying a guitar in a band.;The man is holding the instrument.
contradiction;An older man plying a guitar in a band.;The man is playing the harmonica in his bathroom.
neutral;An older man plying a guitar in a band.;The man has white hair.
entailment;An older man in a white sure is playing a guitar while others play different instruments.;People making music together
neutral;An older man in a white sure is playing a guitar while others play different instruments.;A band playing for their fans at the local arena
contradiction;An older man in a white sure is playing a guitar while others play different instruments.;A group of people holding babies in a hospital
neutral;Man in white t-shirt and white beard plays electric guitar with a fiddler in a band.;The band was trying to get their break.
contradiction;Man in white t-shirt and white beard plays electric guitar with a fiddler in a band.;Three people went to the planetarium.
entailment;Man in white t-shirt and white beard plays electric guitar with a fiddler in a band.;The band had a fiddler and a guitarist.
entailment;Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park.;Children are playing in a tire swing.
contradiction;Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park.;Children are playing on a slide at the park.
neutral;Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park.;Children are playing in a tire swing on a sunny morning.
neutral;An elderly man playing guitar on stage.;A sad man playing guitar on stage.
contradiction;An elderly man playing guitar on stage.;An elderly woman playing guitar on stage.
entailment;An elderly man playing guitar on stage.;An elderly person playing guitar on stage.
entailment;Students in a classroom of some sort are doing art projects.;Students are working on their art projects in the classroom.
neutral;Students in a classroom of some sort are doing art projects.;The students are using crayon for their art projects.
contradiction;Students in a classroom of some sort are doing art projects.;The students are being taught an algebra lesson.
neutral;A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow.;A dog loves standing in the snow.
entailment;A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow.;A dog is outside in the snow.
contradiction;A small black and brown dog is standing in the snow.;A dog is rolling around in the snow.
contradiction;a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog.;the cat is sleeping on the woman
entailment;a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog.;There are some dogs that are fighting
neutral;a large black dog fighting with another large brown and black dog.;The dogs are just playing
entailment;A group of cheerleaders are cheering on a field.;A group of cheerleaders cheering.
contradiction;A group of cheerleaders are cheering on a field.;Two girls riding bikes.
neutral;A group of cheerleaders are cheering on a field.;A group of cheerleaders practicing during a football game.
neutral;A old man with a cane standing outside.;An old man talks to his neighbor while standing in the park.
entailment;A old man with a cane standing outside.;A man is standing.
contradiction;A old man with a cane standing outside.;An old man rides a bicycle.
entailment;The woman, in the beret, is in the process of writing information in regard to what she sees in the microscope.;a woman writes down what she is seeing
neutral;The woman, in the beret, is in the process of writing information in regard to what she sees in the microscope.;she is looking at bacteria
contradiction;The woman, in the beret, is in the process of writing information in regard to what she sees in the microscope.;there is a child playing
contradiction;A woman with brown hair and wearing a black hat is looking in a microscope and writing something down.;The woman is in the beauty salon having her hair and nails done
entailment;A woman with brown hair and wearing a black hat is looking in a microscope and writing something down.;The woman is using a microscope and taking notes
neutral;A woman with brown hair and wearing a black hat is looking in a microscope and writing something down.;The scientist has just made a discovery and is writing it down
neutral;A woman wearing a black code and hat is at school looking through a microscope and taking notes.;The teaching assistant shows the class how to document changes in the bacteria slides.
contradiction;A woman wearing a black code and hat is at school looking through a microscope and taking notes.;The teacher is writing on the chalkboard.
entailment;A woman wearing a black code and hat is at school looking through a microscope and taking notes.;A woman looks through the microscope.
contradiction;Ensuring that an accurate account of all I see here is appropriately recorded.;Ensuring that all the clothes are clean and pressed.
entailment;Ensuring that an accurate account of all I see here is appropriately recorded.;Establishing that everything is accurately recorded.
neutral;Ensuring that an accurate account of all I see here is appropriately recorded.;Ensuring an accurate account is kept in case there are legal issues in the future.
neutral;Three dogs affectionately playing;The dogs have a toy.
contradiction;Three dogs affectionately playing;The dogs are sleeping.
entailment;Three dogs affectionately playing;The animals are friendly to each other.
entailment;Man helping passengers get on tour boat.;There are people getting on a tour boat.
contradiction;Man helping passengers get on tour boat.;The tour boat is sinking.
neutral;Man helping passengers get on tour boat.;The passengers are going on a cruise.
entailment;A large dock runs into a lake next to a group of people swimming.;People take a swim at the lake
contradiction;A large dock runs into a lake next to a group of people swimming.;An iced over lake is bereft of anyone around it
neutral;A large dock runs into a lake next to a group of people swimming.;A group gathers at the lake on the first day of summer
contradiction;A black dog digs in the snow.;The dog sleeping in his bed
entailment;A black dog digs in the snow.;The black dog is outside
neutral;A black dog digs in the snow.;Dog is searching for somehting in the snow
entailment;A woman buys fresh food from a stand at a farmer's market.;A woman spends money.
contradiction;A woman buys fresh food from a stand at a farmer's market.;A woman is in the mall.
neutral;A woman buys fresh food from a stand at a farmer's market.;A woman bought lettuce.
neutral;Girl gets all her fingers cutoff trying to catch a Frisbee, fail!;A girl is about to go to the hospital.
entailment;Girl gets all her fingers cutoff trying to catch a Frisbee, fail!;A girl lost her fingers!
contradiction;Girl gets all her fingers cutoff trying to catch a Frisbee, fail!;A boy is watching tv.
contradiction;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;Women playing sports
entailment;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;A couple women are playing frisbee.
neutral;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;Two women are outside.
neutral;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;Two women are playing frisbee together in a grass field outdoors.
entailment;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;Two women are playing a game.
entailment;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;Two woman playing games
contradiction;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;Two women are sitting in a restaurant.
neutral;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;A couple of women are playing frisbee on the beach.
entailment;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;Two women are playing frisbee together.
contradiction;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;A couple of women are playing catch with a baseball.
contradiction;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;Two women sitting in a park
neutral;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;friends playing games
entailment;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;Three women playing frisbee
contradiction;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;Two women are watching a spaceship fly through the air.
neutral;Two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.;Two women playing catch
entailment;Two men in baseball hats selling asparagus and other vegetables from an outdoor stand to a woman carrying a green bag.;Two men sell vegetables at an outdoor stand.
contradiction;Two men in baseball hats selling asparagus and other vegetables from an outdoor stand to a woman carrying a green bag.;The men are selling home made cheese and butter.
neutral;Two men in baseball hats selling asparagus and other vegetables from an outdoor stand to a woman carrying a green bag.;The men are farm hands.
entailment;Beautiful young lady striking an artistic pose.;The woman is posing.
neutral;Beautiful young lady striking an artistic pose.;The woman is lying down.
contradiction;Beautiful young lady striking an artistic pose.;The woman is old.
neutral;Man serving a customer from a vegetable stand.;The man is serving salad.
entailment;Man serving a customer from a vegetable stand.;The man is working the vegetable stand.
contradiction;Man serving a customer from a vegetable stand.;The man is cooking at a grill.
contradiction;A woman in a white dress sits while another woman blow dries her hair.;A lady is getting ready for a banquet.
entailment;A woman in a white dress sits while another woman blow dries her hair.;A lady is near a blow dryer.
neutral;A woman in a white dress sits while another woman blow dries her hair.;A woman is at the salon.
contradiction;A young man in a green long-sleeved shirt and tie playing a saxophone.;the young man is wearing a black t-shirt modeled after a tuxedo
entailment;A young man in a green long-sleeved shirt and tie playing a saxophone.;the young man is playing the saxophone
neutral;A young man in a green long-sleeved shirt and tie playing a saxophone.;the young man is auditioning for julliard
neutral;Three men and one woman in a band on a stage.;The band was great!
entailment;Three men and one woman in a band on a stage.;The band members were singing.
contradiction;Three men and one woman in a band on a stage.;The band was not there.
neutral;The blond boy is playing the saxophone for a band.;A boy is playing in the school band on stage.
contradiction;The blond boy is playing the saxophone for a band.;A girls is polishing the instruments.
entailment;The blond boy is playing the saxophone for a band.;A boy is playing an instrument.
neutral;Young man in a school band who has center stage and is doing his best.;A young band is competing in a talent show.
entailment;Young man in a school band who has center stage and is doing his best.;A school band is playing.
contradiction;Young man in a school band who has center stage and is doing his best.;A group of men are working in a play.
neutral;A woman in a blue dress sings while her bandmates play instruments.;Some people are playing instruments for a school holiday concert.
entailment;A woman in a blue dress sings while her bandmates play instruments.;People are singing and playing instruments.
contradiction;A woman in a blue dress sings while her bandmates play instruments.;The singing woman is wearing a green dress.
contradiction;A band with four members, one female, plays for a small audience.;A single person plays a harmonica alone.
neutral;A band with four members, one female, plays for a small audience.;A music group plays good music.
entailment;A band with four members, one female, plays for a small audience.;A music group plays music.
entailment;A musical quintet are performing at a festival.;Four people at a festival.
contradiction;A musical quintet are performing at a festival.;Two men sleeping.
neutral;A musical quintet are performing at a festival.; A musical quintet are performing their favorite song at a festival.
contradiction;A 5-person band is performing on a stage inside a tent.;A solo performer sits alone on the stage.
entailment;A 5-person band is performing on a stage inside a tent.;A band performs a musical number on stage.
neutral;A 5-person band is performing on a stage inside a tent.;A bluegrass band performs a song.
entailment;A large woman in a blue jacket is looking irritated.;a heavy set woman wearing a jacket is not happy.
contradiction;A large woman in a blue jacket is looking irritated.;a slim woman is enjoying her blue jacket.
neutral;A large woman in a blue jacket is looking irritated.;a large woman got irritated.
neutral;Two men in wheelchairs crash and they reach for the ball.;The men are old
contradiction;Two men in wheelchairs crash and they reach for the ball.;The men are sleeping
entailment;Two men in wheelchairs crash and they reach for the ball.;Two men are in wheelchairs
entailment;A boogie boarder surfs on a man made wave.;There is a person with a boogie board.
neutral;A boogie boarder surfs on a man made wave.;The person is at a water park.
contradiction;A boogie boarder surfs on a man made wave.;The person with the boogie board is walking home on the sidewalk.
neutral;A bride and groom dance surrounded by people at the reception.;Two people in love are in the middle of a huge crowd.
contradiction;A bride and groom dance surrounded by people at the reception.;Two complete strangers are the only ones in the room.
entailment;A bride and groom dance surrounded by people at the reception.;A married couple is in the proximity of other humans.
entailment;A young blond woman in a blue top sits at a green table studying;A young women is sitting.
contradiction;A young blond woman in a blue top sits at a green table studying;The young women is outside at a red table.
neutral;A young blond woman in a blue top sits at a green table studying;The young women is in college.
entailment;A referee is speaking to some players on a field.;referee discussing with player
contradiction;A referee is speaking to some players on a field.;players playing
neutral;A referee is speaking to some players on a field.;players in field
entailment;Man and woman discussing a topic while sitting in chairs, a water bottle sitting on the table.;man and woman talking
contradiction;Man and woman discussing a topic while sitting in chairs, a water bottle sitting on the table.;dog looks at car
neutral;Man and woman discussing a topic while sitting in chairs, a water bottle sitting on the table.;husband and wife talk
contradiction;Two teams compete in a game of football and are hurrying to catch the ball midair.;two teams playing rugby.
entailment;Two teams compete in a game of football and are hurrying to catch the ball midair.;two teams playing a game.
neutral;Two teams compete in a game of football and are hurrying to catch the ball midair.;two teams chasing a football.
entailment;Players from two teams tangle together in pursuit of a flying rugby ball.;Two teams playing.
contradiction;Players from two teams tangle together in pursuit of a flying rugby ball.;One team practicing rugby.
neutral;Players from two teams tangle together in pursuit of a flying rugby ball.;Two teams that are rivals.
contradiction;Black and White Team rugby players are struggling over the ball in front of a white wall that has blue writing.;The rugby players forgot to bring their ball today.
neutral;Black and White Team rugby players are struggling over the ball in front of a white wall that has blue writing.;The rugby players are outside.
entailment;Black and White Team rugby players are struggling over the ball in front of a white wall that has blue writing.;The words on the wall are wrote in blue.
neutral;A team of men are playing a game in which several of them are jumping to reach the ball.;The men are playing frisbee.
contradiction;A team of men are playing a game in which several of them are jumping to reach the ball.;The men are fishing on a boat.
entailment;A team of men are playing a game in which several of them are jumping to reach the ball.;The men are playing basketball.
entailment;A group of rugby players are struggling over the ball.;A group is struggling over a ball.
contradiction;A group of rugby players are struggling over the ball.;A group of basketball players rest on the sidelines.
neutral;A group of rugby players are struggling over the ball.;A group of rugby players fight for a ball in the final minutes of a game.
entailment;A boy is hugging a smaller boy from behind.;a couple boys are together
neutral;A boy is hugging a smaller boy from behind.;boys are saying goodbye to each other
contradiction;A boy is hugging a smaller boy from behind.;girls are swimming
entailment;Two young boys wearing jerseys are washing their hands in the bathroom.;A couple of young boys are washing their hands.
neutral;Two young boys wearing jerseys are washing their hands in the bathroom.;A couple of kids are covered in dirt.
contradiction;Two young boys wearing jerseys are washing their hands in the bathroom.;A couple of kids are running down a hall.
contradiction;Asian women in traditional garb are walking in a parade.;Asian women cooking food
neutral;Asian women in traditional garb are walking in a parade.;Asian women playing dress up
entailment;Asian women in traditional garb are walking in a parade.;Asian women in a parade
neutral;A man in green shorts and a brown shirt and sunglasses takes a picture.;The sun is behind the subject of the man taking the picture.
entailment;A man in green shorts and a brown shirt and sunglasses takes a picture.;The man taking the picture is wearing shorts and sunglasses.
contradiction;A man in green shorts and a brown shirt and sunglasses takes a picture.;A man in purple shorts takes a picture.
entailment;Three Asian people wait on the sidewalk.;3 people are on the sidewalk
neutral;Three Asian people wait on the sidewalk.;3 Asian women wait for the bus
contradiction;Three Asian people wait on the sidewalk.;3 white people sit on the curb
entailment;A group of people sitting at an outdoor table eating food and drinking alcoholic beverages.;The people are outdoors eating and drinking.
neutral;A group of people sitting at an outdoor table eating food and drinking alcoholic beverages.;The people are chatting with one another.
contradiction;A group of people sitting at an outdoor table eating food and drinking alcoholic beverages.;The people are inside at the dining room table.
entailment;A man and a woman are standing in front of a building with some graffiti on it.;A woman and man are standing in front of a building.
neutral;A man and a woman are standing in front of a building with some graffiti on it.;A couple is painting graffiti on the side of a building.
contradiction;A man and a woman are standing in front of a building with some graffiti on it.;A single man is alone in a boat on the ocean.
entailment;A young girl and a young guy are outside on a street facing each other.;Some people are outside.
neutral;A young girl and a young guy are outside on a street facing each other.;The man is asking his girlfriend to marry him.
contradiction;A young girl and a young guy are outside on a street facing each other.;Two people are sitting in the movie theater.
contradiction;A woman in a black jacket is talking to a man who's wearing white sneakers next to a yellow building.;The woman is talking to another woman.
neutral;A woman in a black jacket is talking to a man who's wearing white sneakers next to a yellow building.;The woman is talking to her husband.
entailment;A woman in a black jacket is talking to a man who's wearing white sneakers next to a yellow building.;The woman is talking.
neutral;"Two people stand in front of a building with graffiti that reads ""Boss Life"".";The building was vandalized by a gang.
entailment;"Two people stand in front of a building with graffiti that reads ""Boss Life"".";Two people stand outside.
contradiction;"Two people stand in front of a building with graffiti that reads ""Boss Life"".";The building was burnt down due to arson.
neutral;A group of adults in casual dress sit down to eat a barbecued meal.;The adults are eating dinner.
entailment;A group of adults in casual dress sit down to eat a barbecued meal.;The adults are wearing clothes.
contradiction;A group of adults in casual dress sit down to eat a barbecued meal.;The children are eating the meal.
contradiction;Two people are facing each other on the corner of a street.;The two people are standing back to back.
entailment;Two people are facing each other on the corner of a street.;The two people are outdoors
neutral;Two people are facing each other on the corner of a street.;The two people are old friends
contradiction;A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her.;A woman in black sips a drink as she looks at the dogs below her.
entailment;A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her.;A person drinks while people watching.
neutral;A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her.;A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her in the street.
contradiction;Many people wearing red and white are walking in the street as another lady, wearing a red blouse, watches from above holding a drink.;The people are all nude.
entailment;Many people wearing red and white are walking in the street as another lady, wearing a red blouse, watches from above holding a drink.;People are walking on a street.
neutral;Many people wearing red and white are walking in the street as another lady, wearing a red blouse, watches from above holding a drink.;The lady is ravishing.
entailment;A view of a city street where many people wearing white and red are walking.;There is a view of a city street with some people wearing white and red walking.
entailment;A view of a city street where many people wearing white and red are walking.;There is a view of a city street with many people wearing white and red while walking.
contradiction;A view of a city street where many people wearing white and red are walking.;There is no view of the city street with some people wearing black and yellow while walking.
entailment;Two elderly people sing in microphones while playing instruments.;The people are making noise together.
neutral;Two elderly people sing in microphones while playing instruments.;The people are singing on stage.
contradiction;Two elderly people sing in microphones while playing instruments.;The people are quietly eating.
contradiction;"An older middle-aged man wearing a brown hat is strumming a guitar and singing into a microphone; his female companion is singing into a microphone and playing an instrument also, but the woman's instrument cannot be readily seen.";The couple sing harmoniously as the woman plucks her glittery banjo, it's sparkle standing out in the crowd.
entailment;"An older middle-aged man wearing a brown hat is strumming a guitar and singing into a microphone; his female companion is singing into a microphone and playing an instrument also, but the woman's instrument cannot be readily seen.";The man and woman singing due play their instruments, although the woman's instrument is blocked by something.
neutral;"An older middle-aged man wearing a brown hat is strumming a guitar and singing into a microphone; his female companion is singing into a microphone and playing an instrument also, but the woman's instrument cannot be readily seen.";The couple sing and play together nicely, even if the man's brown hat is blocking the woman's instrument.
entailment;A young woman sips a drink on a balcony during a Bull run.;The woman sipped her drink.
contradiction;A young woman sips a drink on a balcony during a Bull run.;The woman ate a candy bar on the balcony.
neutral;A young woman sips a drink on a balcony during a Bull run.;The woman sat on the balcony and watched the Bull run.
neutral;A couple of old people playing instruments and singing.;old people are singing for their church
entailment;A couple of old people playing instruments and singing.;old people are singing and playing instruments
contradiction;A couple of old people playing instruments and singing.;the old people are on their death beds watching tv
entailment;Several people are standing in a fenced in area.;There are some people standing around whilst fenced in.
neutral;Several people are standing in a fenced in area.;There are eight people surrounded by a fence.
contradiction;Several people are standing in a fenced in area.;A few people are sitting down in a fenced area.
neutral;A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow.;A winter scene with four people walking to a party.
entailment;A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow.;A winter scene with people walking.
contradiction;A winter landscape with four people walking in the snow.;A winter landscape with people dressed in swimsuits.
entailment;two dogs run across dry ground.;two animals run across dry ground.
contradiction;two dogs run across dry ground.;two cats run across dry ground.
neutral;two dogs run across dry ground.;two big dogs run across dry ground.
contradiction;Two dogs walking along dirt path.;The animals are taking a nap inside.
entailment;Two dogs walking along dirt path.;The animals are moving.
neutral;Two dogs walking along dirt path.;A pit bull and a golden retriever take the short cut home.
contradiction;The dogs are walking in the desert.;The dogs are running in the desert.
neutral;The dogs are walking in the desert.;The dogs are walking to the water in the desert.
entailment;The dogs are walking in the desert.;The dogs are on the beach.
entailment;Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass.;There are some dogs outside.
neutral;Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass.;The dogs are leading the cameraman somewhere.
contradiction;Two dogs are walking away from the camera through shrubs and grass.;The dogs are running towards the camera.
neutral;A man holds onto a tether as he waterskis splashing water every direction!;a man watersking for the first time
contradiction;A man holds onto a tether as he waterskis splashing water every direction!;a man on a motorcycle
entailment;A man holds onto a tether as he waterskis splashing water every direction!;a man watersking
neutral;Two dogs playing outside.;A couple of mutts are chasing a squirrel.
entailment;Two dogs playing outside.;There are canines in the yard.
contradiction;Two dogs playing outside.;Two dogs are running through the house.
neutral;A young Indian girl in a blue dress is pointing and smiling at the camera.;the girl laughing
contradiction;A young Indian girl in a blue dress is pointing and smiling at the camera.;the girl is wearing jeans.
entailment;A young Indian girl in a blue dress is pointing and smiling at the camera.;THe girl is on tv
neutral;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;All the girls are smiling.
contradiction;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;The girls are wearing red sweaters.
entailment;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;At least one girl is smiling.
neutral;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;Girls wearing blue dresses play with a piece of fabric and pose for a picture.
neutral;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;The girl just noticed the camera.
entailment;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;There is a smiling girl pointing to the camera.
contradiction;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;A man holding fabric while a girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.
entailment;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;a number of girls dressed in blue, one of whom smiles
entailment;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;A lady holds fabric while another woman points at the camera.
entailment;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;A girl smiles and points at a picture.
contradiction;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;The girls are wearing shorts.
contradiction;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;Girls in swimsuits get ready to dive into an empty pool.
neutral;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;two woman pose for a picture, and one of them is holding fabric.
neutral;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;a birthday group is photographed
contradiction;Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.;twenty puppys lick a sad girls tears
contradiction;Dog catching a red Frisbee.;A dog watches a frisbee pass over his head and yawns.
entailment;Dog catching a red Frisbee.;A dog is playing catch.
neutral;Dog catching a red Frisbee.;A dog catches a frisbee in the park.
contradiction;Girls in blue dresses are holding large blue cloths.;A group of boys playing ball.
neutral;Girls in blue dresses are holding large blue cloths.;A group of girls using cloths to wash a car.
entailment;Girls in blue dresses are holding large blue cloths.;A group of girls in blue holding cloths.
contradiction;A man wearing swim goggles is doing the crawl in a lane in a swimming pool.;Nobody is in a pool.
entailment;A man wearing swim goggles is doing the crawl in a lane in a swimming pool.;A human in a pool
neutral;A man wearing swim goggles is doing the crawl in a lane in a swimming pool.;A tall human in a pool
entailment;Two Indian people are dancing at a wedding with flower petals all over the floor.;Two Indian people people dancing at a wedding.
contradiction;Two Indian people are dancing at a wedding with flower petals all over the floor.;Two Indian people eating a wedding dinner.
neutral;Two Indian people are dancing at a wedding with flower petals all over the floor.;An Indian couple dancing at their wedding.
contradiction;The boys draw in the sand with sticks.;The adults build crappy sandcastles.
neutral;The boys draw in the sand with sticks.;The teenagers try to out draw each other on the beach.
entailment;The boys draw in the sand with sticks.;The children play simply.
contradiction;A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide.;A girl wearing a red dress is playing on the monkey bars.
entailment;A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide.;A girl wearing a blue dress is playing at a playground.
neutral;A girl wearing a blue dress is sliding down a tube slide.;A girl wearing a blue dress is playing at a playground with friends.
entailment;A swimmer is emerging from the water;The swimmer is coming up from the water.
neutral;A swimmer is emerging from the water;The swimmer is coming up for air.
contradiction;A swimmer is emerging from the water;The swimmer is drowning.
neutral;A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it.;The beard is short.
entailment;A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it.;A bearded man is wearing an America-themed shirt.
contradiction;A bearded man wears a red bandanna and a leather jacket over a teeshirt with an American flag on it.;The bandanna is yellow.
contradiction;A swimmer's hand is taken as he gets out of the water.;The swimmer is diving deep into the ocean.
-;A swimmer's hand is taken as he gets out of the water.;The swimmer is female.
entailment;A swimmer's hand is taken as he gets out of the water.;The swimmer is getting out of the water.
entailment;A swimmer exits the water after a competition.;A person is wet.
contradiction;A swimmer exits the water after a competition.;A person is running in a field.
neutral;A swimmer exits the water after a competition.;A swimmer won a competition.
neutral;The child wearing the green shirt is on the beach talking with some people.;The child is talking to his friend.
contradiction;The child wearing the green shirt is on the beach talking with some people.;The child is in a barren field.
entailment;The child wearing the green shirt is on the beach talking with some people.;The child is wearing green.
contradiction;Four people in sunhats are sitting and talking together on the sand of the ocean shore.;Three people without hats are sitting on the beach.
neutral;Four people in sunhats are sitting and talking together on the sand of the ocean shore.;Four people are enjoying their day outside.
entailment;Four people in sunhats are sitting and talking together on the sand of the ocean shore.;Four people sit outside.
contradiction;Three guys sitting on a sandy beach near the water and one is talking to the two little girls.;The girl sat on the beach alone.
entailment;Three guys sitting on a sandy beach near the water and one is talking to the two little girls.;The guys sat on the beach near the water.
neutral;Three guys sitting on a sandy beach near the water and one is talking to the two little girls.;The guys sat on the beach near the water watching the sunset.
contradiction;A small group of adults and children are wearing hats and shorts on the sandy beach near the blue water.;A small group of adults and children are not wearing hats
entailment;A small group of adults and children are wearing hats and shorts on the sandy beach near the blue water.;A small group of adults and children are wearing hats
neutral;A small group of adults and children are wearing hats and shorts on the sandy beach near the blue water.;A small group of adults and children are joyously wearing hats
neutral;Four people with hats are relaxing at the coast.;Some people are on vacation.
contradiction;Four people with hats are relaxing at the coast.;Some people are having a large party on the coast.
entailment;Four people with hats are relaxing at the coast.;Some people are sitting on the coast.
entailment;A man wearing a beret walks down the street and smiles.;The man is happy as he walks.
neutral;A man wearing a beret walks down the street and smiles.;The man is walking through Paris.
contradiction;A man wearing a beret walks down the street and smiles.;The woman sits outside.
neutral;Two people are outside walking through the snow.;The snow is thick.
contradiction;Two people are outside walking through the snow.;The people are inside.
entailment;Two people are outside walking through the snow.;There are people.
contradiction;A dog rolls on his back.;The dog is swimming.
neutral;A dog rolls on his back.;The dog is scratching his back.
entailment;A dog rolls on his back.;The dog rolls over.
neutral;People sitting on black chairs on a bus.;The people are on their way home
entailment;People sitting on black chairs on a bus.;The people in a bus
contradiction;People sitting on black chairs on a bus.;The people are outside.
neutral;A woman who has just finished her dance performance3.;A woman just finished dancing for a massive audience.
contradiction;A woman who has just finished her dance performance3.;A woman just finished eating cake.
entailment;A woman who has just finished her dance performance3.;A woman just finished dancing.
entailment;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;A woman is drawing.
entailment;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;A woman is drawing.
neutral;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;The Sharpie is black
contradiction;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;The woman is old
entailment;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;A young girl is drawing using a Sharpie marker
contradiction;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;The woman is running around the room.
contradiction;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;Three art students are walking in the art classroom and exchanging their paint brushes
entailment;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;a women is drawing
entailment;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;The woman is drawing
neutral;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;A young women is drawing in art class.
neutral;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;she i using a black sharpie
neutral;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;An art student is performing a sketch of the field in Sharpie marker
contradiction;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;the women is using a pencil
contradiction;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;A man is drawing with a colored pencil.
neutral;A young woman is drawing with a Sharpie marker.;The woman is an art student.
neutral;A woman is drawing at a table with a blue permanent marker.;A woman is drawing a dinosaur at a table with a blue permanent marker.
contradiction;A woman is drawing at a table with a blue permanent marker.;A woman is writing on a wall with a colored pencil.
entailment;A woman is drawing at a table with a blue permanent marker.;A woman is drawing.
contradiction;A young woman draws lines on a tile with a permanent marker.;The carpenter draws lines on the wooden board.
neutral;A young woman draws lines on a tile with a permanent marker.;The artist makes a quick sketch on the tile.
entailment;A young woman draws lines on a tile with a permanent marker.;A person is using a writing utensil.
entailment;A woman with strawberry blond-hair decorates a tile in yellow and black.;A woman is decorating a tile.
neutral;A woman with strawberry blond-hair decorates a tile in yellow and black.;A woman is painting a tile at a picnic table.
contradiction;A woman with strawberry blond-hair decorates a tile in yellow and black.;A woman is weaving a basket.
entailment;An art student uses a blue Sharpie to create a pattern on thick, white poster board.;A student draws on poster board.
neutral;An art student uses a blue Sharpie to create a pattern on thick, white poster board.;A student draws a chevron pattern on poster board.
contradiction;An art student uses a blue Sharpie to create a pattern on thick, white poster board.;A student knits a scarf.
neutral;A military man walks in front of a procession of people during a parade.;A man leads the parade.
contradiction;A military man walks in front of a procession of people during a parade.;A man walks behind the parade.
entailment;A military man walks in front of a procession of people during a parade.;A man is in a parade..
entailment;Barefooted, someone appears to be looking in a bathroom mirror.;A person appears to be looking in a mirror.
neutral;Barefooted, someone appears to be looking in a bathroom mirror.;A person in a black shirt is looking in a mirror.
contradiction;Barefooted, someone appears to be looking in a bathroom mirror.;A person in shoes is dancing.
neutral;A woman in a pool looking down.;A woman is preparing to dive.
contradiction;A woman in a pool looking down.;A woman is looking down into a pool of tears preparing to dive into them.
entailment;A woman in a pool looking down.;A woman is looking into a pool.
entailment;A biker pops a wheelie along side the colorful wall.;A person is riding a bike near a wall.
neutral;A biker pops a wheelie along side the colorful wall.;A biker does a trick with other bikers.
contradiction;A biker pops a wheelie along side the colorful wall.;A person is walking their bike by a wall.
entailment;A baseball player hits baseball.;The player swings his bat.
neutral;A baseball player hits baseball.;The player hit a home run.
contradiction;A baseball player hits baseball.;The player is throwing the football.
contradiction;A woman in a yellow shirts walks through a park with her dog not far behind.;The man is running away from the cat
entailment;A woman in a yellow shirts walks through a park with her dog not far behind.;A woman walks with her dog
neutral;A woman in a yellow shirts walks through a park with her dog not far behind.;The woman is trying to out-walk her dog
entailment;A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti.;A man is riding a bicycle up a graffiti covered wall.
neutral;A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti.;A man is performing a trick on a bicycle to a small crowd.
contradiction;A man on a small bicycle performing a trick on a wall covered with graffiti.;A man is riding a bicycle down a country road.
entailment;A baseball player hitting a ball.;someone hitting a ball
neutral;A baseball player hitting a ball.;someone hitting a ball during the championship baseball game
contradiction;A baseball player hitting a ball.;2 basketball players
neutral;A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall.;The person is falling off his bike.
entailment;A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall.;The person is on a bicycle.
contradiction;A trials biker doing a stunt on a graffiti-filled wall.;The man is on a boat.
entailment;A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall.;A bike rider is outside doing tricks.
neutral;A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall.;The bmx rider has been riding his entire life.
contradiction;A bmx rider does a trick against a graffiti covered wall.;The bike rider is sitting on a chair.
neutral;Two men, both wearing green cycling clothes and helmets, are riding bicycles.;Two guys ride bikes in a triathlon.
entailment;Two men, both wearing green cycling clothes and helmets, are riding bicycles.;Two guys ride bikes.
contradiction;Two men, both wearing green cycling clothes and helmets, are riding bicycles.;Two guys eat hamburgers in front of TV.
entailment;A lady in a purple shirt is painting a picture of a person on a curved wall.;A lady painting.
contradiction;A lady in a purple shirt is painting a picture of a person on a curved wall.;A naked lady painting stick figures with her feces.
neutral;A lady in a purple shirt is painting a picture of a person on a curved wall.;A lady painting a picture of a famous person.
neutral;A woman with a purple shirt painting another woman on a wall.;A woman who is wearing a purple shirt is painting another woman who has purple on as well.
contradiction;A woman with a purple shirt painting another woman on a wall.;A man is dancing at a party while a woman is on the wall.
entailment;A woman with a purple shirt painting another woman on a wall.;A woman who is wearing purple is painting another woman.
neutral;A lady painting on a public wall!;The woman was painting a portrait of herself.
contradiction;A lady painting on a public wall!;The woman was inside the coffee house.
entailment;A lady painting on a public wall!;The woman was painting.
entailment;Seven people walking across a bridge.;There are people on a bridge
contradiction;Seven people walking across a bridge.;There is one person on a bridge
neutral;Seven people walking across a bridge.;There are people on a long bridge
contradiction;Three young boys are dressed in hoodies facing the same way.;Three young boys are all in swimming trunks and no shirts.
entailment;Three young boys are dressed in hoodies facing the same way.;Group of young boys all in hoodies.
neutral;Three young boys are dressed in hoodies facing the same way.;Three best friends get into mischief.
neutral;A man and a woman conversing in a city.;the cars drove by in the city
contradiction;A man and a woman conversing in a city.;the man was in the countryside
entailment;A man and a woman conversing in a city.;the man was talking
neutral;A man and a woman eating at an outdoor table.;The man and woman eat here all the time.
contradiction;A man and a woman eating at an outdoor table.;The man and woman are on their phones.
entailment;A man and a woman eating at an outdoor table.;The couple are outdoors.
contradiction;A couple having lunch on a public lunch table.;A couple is sleeping.
neutral;A couple having lunch on a public lunch table.;A couple is outside
entailment;A couple having lunch on a public lunch table.;A couple is having lunch
entailment;Three boys in hooded sweatshirts standing and looking at camera.;Some kids in hooded sweatshirts loiter.
neutral;Three boys in hooded sweatshirts standing and looking at camera.;Three young school friends pose.
contradiction;Three boys in hooded sweatshirts standing and looking at camera.;Three girls having a tea party.
neutral;A little girl smiling in a colorful knitted hat.;The little girl likes her hat
contradiction;A little girl smiling in a colorful knitted hat.;The little girl is angry
entailment;A little girl smiling in a colorful knitted hat.;The little girl is happy
contradiction;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A little girl runs through the living room laughing
entailment;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A little girl is inside.
neutral;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A child sits for her first birthday photos
entailment;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A little girl wears a colorful hat.
entailment;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A girl in a hat
contradiction;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A baby is crying.
neutral;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A girl wearing a hat smiles with some people.
contradiction;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A girl rides a horse in a field.
entailment;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A girl is wearing a hat.
neutral;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A little girl is wearing a colorful hat, the same one that her father used to wear.
entailment;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A girl has something on her head.
neutral;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A girl is posing for a family portrait.
neutral;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A child is posing on a pillow in a pretty hat.
contradiction;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A little girl is lying down, as she is very sick.
contradiction;Little girl wearing a colorful hat while propped up on a cushion.;A boy is running in a field.
entailment;A little girl with a knit hat laying on a pillow propping her head up with her hands.;A child is laying down.
contradiction;A little girl with a knit hat laying on a pillow propping her head up with her hands.;A boy is playing with his friends
neutral;A little girl with a knit hat laying on a pillow propping her head up with her hands.;A girl is trying to take a nap.
neutral;A little girl in a pink, blue, orange and green hat with her hands on her face posing for the camera.;A little girl poses for a picture her mom is taking.
contradiction;A little girl in a pink, blue, orange and green hat with her hands on her face posing for the camera.;A little girl chases an ice cream truck.
entailment;A little girl in a pink, blue, orange and green hat with her hands on her face posing for the camera.;A little girl poses for the camera.
entailment;Several people are moving away from a brightly colored tower.;There is a group of people near a tower.
contradiction;Several people are moving away from a brightly colored tower.;The people are inside a house.
neutral;Several people are moving away from a brightly colored tower.;The people were just at the tower.
contradiction;Three young men wearing hooded sweatshirts are posing for a photo.;The men are eating pie.
entailment;Three young men wearing hooded sweatshirts are posing for a photo.;Three men have clothes on.
neutral;Three young men wearing hooded sweatshirts are posing for a photo.;The men are standing up.
entailment;Asian Child in fancy hat posing for picture;the child is asian
neutral;Asian Child in fancy hat posing for picture;the hat is large
contradiction;Asian Child in fancy hat posing for picture;the child is mexican
entailment;A man looking at the scenery through binoculars.;A man is using a tool to improve his view.
neutral;A man looking at the scenery through binoculars.;The man does not like the scenery he is viewing.
contradiction;A man looking at the scenery through binoculars.;The man is reading a book.
neutral;A man photographs out off of the frozen land.;The man is wearing a coat.
contradiction;A man photographs out off of the frozen land.;The man is drinking coffee.
entailment;A man photographs out off of the frozen land.;The man has a camera.
contradiction;A guy is standing on an ice patch by the sea, looking through a telescope at sunset.;a woman pilots a submarine on land
entailment;A guy is standing on an ice patch by the sea, looking through a telescope at sunset.;a man looks through a telescope by the sea
neutral;A guy is standing on an ice patch by the sea, looking through a telescope at sunset.;a man near the sea looks through a telescope
entailment;There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.;People are walking in New York.
entailment;There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.;There are many people walking at Times Square.
contradiction;There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.;People are walking next to a building that has a Cinderella poster in the window.
contradiction;There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.;There are many people sitting at Times Square
neutral;There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.;People are walking next to the building where the Lion King is being performed.
neutral;There are many people walking at Times Square in New York near a building with a Lion King poster in the window.;There are many people happily walking at Times Square
neutral;Photographer taking pictures of sunset.;Woman photographer taking pictures of sunset.
contradiction;Photographer taking pictures of sunset.;Photographer taking pictures of of a birthday party.
entailment;Photographer taking pictures of sunset.;Photographer taking pictures.
contradiction;A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench.;A girl in a red shirt is eating some ice cream.
neutral;A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench.;A girl in a black shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a wooden bench.
entailment;A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench.;A person is sitting on a bench.
neutral;A young girl playing on a log swing.;a girl swings on a rotten log swing
entailment;A young girl playing on a log swing.;a girl swinging
contradiction;A young girl playing on a log swing.;a man falls off a swing
contradiction;A girl sitting on a bench amongst the grass;A girl is having a picnic
entailment;A girl sitting on a bench amongst the grass;A girl is sitting on a bench outside
neutral;A girl sitting on a bench amongst the grass;A girl is waiting for a bus
contradiction;A woman sitting on a bench in a park on a cloudy day;The woman is dancing in the streets.
neutral;A woman sitting on a bench in a park on a cloudy day;The woman is waiting for a friend.
entailment;A woman sitting on a bench in a park on a cloudy day;There is a woman on a bench outside.
neutral;A woman holding a girl's wrist walking down the street.;Some people walking down the street holding hands escaping the rain.
contradiction;A woman holding a girl's wrist walking down the street.;Some people being lazy sitting on the curb.
entailment;A woman holding a girl's wrist walking down the street.;Some people walking down the street.
contradiction;A woman holding a little girls hand walking across a bridge.;Two people are sitting on a bench.
neutral;A woman holding a little girls hand walking across a bridge.;A woman and a child are running on a bridge.
entailment;A woman holding a little girls hand walking across a bridge.;Two people walking across a bridge.
contradiction;A girl is swinging on a piece of wood.;The girl is swimming in a lake.
entailment;A girl is swinging on a piece of wood.;The girl is outside.
neutral;A girl is swinging on a piece of wood.;The girl is swinging with a friend.
contradiction;A girl with dark hair swings on a hanging log.;The girl has red hair.
entailment;A girl with dark hair swings on a hanging log.;A girl is swinging.
neutral;A girl with dark hair swings on a hanging log.;The log is hanging from a rope.
contradiction;A man wearing a wedding band is pouring a white liquid into a cup of brown liquid.;the man is sleeping in his bed
entailment;A man wearing a wedding band is pouring a white liquid into a cup of brown liquid.;there is one man in this picture
neutral;A man wearing a wedding band is pouring a white liquid into a cup of brown liquid.;the man is getting ready to drink his coffee while reading the paper
neutral;One small dog chases another across grass.;The grass is healthy
contradiction;One small dog chases another across grass.;There are no dogs.
entailment;One small dog chases another across grass.;There are two dogs
neutral;The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.;The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking with his parents.
contradiction;The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.;The baby is playing alone at home.
entailment;The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.;The baby is walking in a plaza.
neutral;Monks in red robes sell vegetables at a market.;robed people selling veggies in market
entailment;Monks in red robes sell vegetables at a market.;monks selling vegetables in the market
contradiction;Monks in red robes sell vegetables at a market.;people waddling down the street
contradiction;A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school.;A group of teenagers plays tennis at the park
neutral;A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school.;A group of teenagers are playing cards in the hallway at school
entailment;A group of teenagers sitting in the hall at school.;Teenagers are sitting in the school hallway
neutral;A baby in jeans and a winter jacket sits on top of a blue slide.;A baby on a playground slide outside
contradiction;A baby in jeans and a winter jacket sits on top of a blue slide.;A man sitting on a couch asleep
entailment;A baby in jeans and a winter jacket sits on top of a blue slide.;A baby sitting on top of a slide
neutral;A woman in a flower shirt is working on a piece of pottery.;The flowers on her shirt are red
entailment;A woman in a flower shirt is working on a piece of pottery.;She wears a decorated shirt
contradiction;A woman in a flower shirt is working on a piece of pottery.;He eats the pottery
contradiction;Two people climb a set of stairs onto a bridge.;two people climb a set of stairs onto a pirate ship.
neutral;Two people climb a set of stairs onto a bridge.;two people are climbing stairs to jump off the bridge.
entailment;Two people climb a set of stairs onto a bridge.;two people are outside moving.
contradiction;Man and woman walking up the stairs to an overpass.;A husband and wife are swimming in the ocean.
entailment;Man and woman walking up the stairs to an overpass.;Two people are escalating.
neutral;Man and woman walking up the stairs to an overpass.;A couple is visiting a state park.
entailment;2 people walking up a set of stairs in the city.;People walking up stairs.
neutral;2 people walking up a set of stairs in the city.;People walking up stairs on their way home.
contradiction;2 people walking up a set of stairs in the city.;People walking down stairs.
neutral;A man walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.;A sad man walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.
entailment;A man walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.;A person walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.
contradiction;A man walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.;A woman walking a dog and a young girl climb the stairs to a red bridge in a city.
contradiction;A couple is walking up the stairs to a bridge in a downtown part of a city.;A child climbs steps by themselves next to a bridge.
entailment;A couple is walking up the stairs to a bridge in a downtown part of a city.;Two people walking up to a bridge.
neutral;A couple is walking up the stairs to a bridge in a downtown part of a city.;A couple walks up steep steps to a large blue bridge.
entailment;A man wearing green shoes lounges outdoors.;A man sits outdoors.
neutral;A man wearing green shoes lounges outdoors.;A man sits down to adjust his uncomfortable green shoes.
contradiction;A man wearing green shoes lounges outdoors.;A man sits indoors.
contradiction;A young child learning how to swim.;A woman eats a sundae.
neutral;A young child learning how to swim.;A man teaches his son to swim.
entailment;A young child learning how to swim.;A child learns to swim.
neutral;A man wearing cutoff jeans and green sneakers sits with one leg crossed across the other one.;A man is wearing sunglasses.
contradiction;A man wearing cutoff jeans and green sneakers sits with one leg crossed across the other one.;A man is shoeless.
entailment;A man wearing cutoff jeans and green sneakers sits with one leg crossed across the other one.;A man is wearing shoes.
neutral;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;A drunk man is drinking in a garden
entailment;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;a casually dressed man sits in the garden
entailment;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;A man is outside.
entailment;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;An individual sits drinking a beer in a garden.
neutral;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;A man is trying to unwind from the workweek
neutral;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;A man is taking a break from weeding his garden.
contradiction;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;A man is wearing a button up
neutral;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;a lazy man relaxes with a beer
contradiction;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;The man is on a ladder hanging a sign.
contradiction;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;a man jumps from earth to the moon
contradiction;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;A woman is sitting and eating cake in a garden.
contradiction;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;two men sip wine together
entailment;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;a beer is held by a man in casual attire
entailment;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;A man is wearing a tank top.
neutral;A man wearing cutoff shorts, a tank top, and green sneakers sitting in a garden with a beer.;a casually dressed man sits and waits for his wife
entailment;A man in shorts in a lawn chair sits surrounded with plants in a backyard.;There's a guy in a chair out in the yard.
contradiction;A man in shorts in a lawn chair sits surrounded with plants in a backyard.;A man in pants is standing up.
neutral;A man in shorts in a lawn chair sits surrounded with plants in a backyard.;There's a guy sleeping in a chair in the yard.
contradiction;A man in denim shorts and green shoes is sitting and relaxing in a lawn chair.;A man wears jean boxer briefs.
neutral;A man in denim shorts and green shoes is sitting and relaxing in a lawn chair.;A man wears cut off jean shorts.
entailment;A man in denim shorts and green shoes is sitting and relaxing in a lawn chair.;A man wears jean shorts.
entailment;Woman with blue gloves and floral shirt handling a large ceramic bowl in a ceramic shop.;The woman is holding a ceramic bowl.
neutral;Woman with blue gloves and floral shirt handling a large ceramic bowl in a ceramic shop.;The woman just made the bowl.
contradiction;Woman with blue gloves and floral shirt handling a large ceramic bowl in a ceramic shop.;The woman is wearing a plain, green shirt.
entailment;A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day.;A little girl slides down a tube.
contradiction;A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day.;A little girl is crying as she slides down a tube.
neutral;A little girl smiles as she slides down a tube on a sunny day.;A little girl slides down a tube at a park.
neutral;Two dogs chase another dog that has a ball.;The dogs are chasing each other after a long day cooped up in the house.
contradiction;Two dogs chase another dog that has a ball.;3 dogs are sitting in a dog shelter hoping someone will adopt them and play ball with them.
entailment;Two dogs chase another dog that has a ball.;The dogs all want the same ball.
entailment;A man wearing glasses is singing into a microphone.;A man sings into microphone
neutral;A man wearing glasses is singing into a microphone.;A man is performing on stage
contradiction;A man wearing glasses is singing into a microphone.;A man is dancing without a microphone
neutral;A bride and groom share a kiss.;A bride and a groom french kiss.
entailment;A bride and groom share a kiss.;A bride and a groom kiss.
contradiction;A bride and groom share a kiss.;A bride in a groom don't share a kiss.
neutral;A man in a blue shirt walking down the street.;A man is walking to his neighbor's house.
entailment;A man in a blue shirt walking down the street.;A man is walking outside.
contradiction;A man in a blue shirt walking down the street.;A man is walking around inside his house.
contradiction;Fans are cheering at a performance.;The fans are driving.
neutral;Fans are cheering at a performance.;All the fans like this performance the best.
entailment;Fans are cheering at a performance.;The performance has gotten the fans cheering.
neutral;Three soldiers are having a discussion in front of a playground, while others look on.;The soldiers are outdoors.
contradiction;Three soldiers are having a discussion in front of a playground, while others look on.;The soldiers are silent/
entailment;Three soldiers are having a discussion in front of a playground, while others look on.;The soldiers are having a discussion outdoors while others look.
neutral;A blond child is drinking from a garden hose.;The child is thirsty.
contradiction;A blond child is drinking from a garden hose.;The redhead is drinking from the garden hose.
entailment;A blond child is drinking from a garden hose.;The kid is using a garden hose for drinking.
contradiction;Several armed forces officers and civilians are standing around a children's playground.;Armed forces officers balance their guns on childrens heads at a playground.
neutral;Several armed forces officers and civilians are standing around a children's playground.;Civilians and armed forces officers trade insults at a playground
entailment;Several armed forces officers and civilians are standing around a children's playground.;Armed forces officers stand around a playground.
neutral;US troops keeping calm in a no fly zone at one of the crucial points in Tripoli, Libya.;A group of troops are getting ready to deploy from a plane.
contradiction;US troops keeping calm in a no fly zone at one of the crucial points in Tripoli, Libya.;A group of troops are laughing and talking.
entailment;US troops keeping calm in a no fly zone at one of the crucial points in Tripoli, Libya.;A group of troops are attempting to stay quiet .
entailment;Military men are conversing near a playground.;they are in the military
contradiction;Military men are conversing near a playground.;they are on mars
neutral;Military men are conversing near a playground.;they are at a park
contradiction;A young girl wearing Mardi Gras beads and a green dress is accompanied by two boys, one on foot and one on a bicycle, as she walks down a dirt road.;The young children go shopping.
neutral;A young girl wearing Mardi Gras beads and a green dress is accompanied by two boys, one on foot and one on a bicycle, as she walks down a dirt road.;A young girl and her brothers walk down a rural road.
entailment;A young girl wearing Mardi Gras beads and a green dress is accompanied by two boys, one on foot and one on a bicycle, as she walks down a dirt road.;A young girl and two boys travel down a dirt road.
neutral;A group of boys enjoying a day by down the creek.;Some people fishing down near a creek.
contradiction;A group of boys enjoying a day by down the creek.;Some people enjoying the day by the farmhouse.
entailment;A group of boys enjoying a day by down the creek.;Some people down near a creek.
neutral;Five boys standing a one boy sitting by the lake.;boys are congregating together by the water
contradiction;Five boys standing a one boy sitting by the lake.;girls are gossiping
entailment;Five boys standing a one boy sitting by the lake.;boys stand next to another boy sitting by the water
entailment;Five young boys observe remote control boat in water.;Five young boys are near water.
neutral;Five young boys observe remote control boat in water.;One boy is controlling a remote control boat while others watch.
contradiction;Five young boys observe remote control boat in water.;Five young boys are in a boat on the water.
entailment;Group of asian boy on the right of the long table of vegetables and food and asian adults on the left.;There are many Asians at the table.
contradiction;Group of asian boy on the right of the long table of vegetables and food and asian adults on the left.;The group of Asians are playing a round of golf.
neutral;Group of asian boy on the right of the long table of vegetables and food and asian adults on the left.;The group Asians are eating dinner at the table.
contradiction;Boy jumping in the air with a girl on the couch punching towards him.;Nobody has their fist clenched.
neutral;Boy jumping in the air with a girl on the couch punching towards him.;The girl is short.
entailment;Boy jumping in the air with a girl on the couch punching towards him.;Someone is jumping.
entailment;three young african children in a poor part of africa one riding a bike.;Three children are outside.
neutral;three young african children in a poor part of africa one riding a bike.;Three children are taking turns riding a bike.
contradiction;three young african children in a poor part of africa one riding a bike.;Three children are swimming in a river.
entailment;A child in a green shirt rides a bicycle.;The bicycle is moving.
contradiction;A child in a green shirt rides a bicycle.;The child is wearing a red shirt.
neutral;A child in a green shirt rides a bicycle.;The child is a boy.
contradiction;An African American base player wearing a blue shirt, being backed up by a drummer.;A caucasian base player is wearing a gray shirt.
entailment;An African American base player wearing a blue shirt, being backed up by a drummer.;A drummer is backing up a base player.
neutral;An African American base player wearing a blue shirt, being backed up by a drummer.;An African American base payer and a drummer are wearing blue shirts.
contradiction;A boat captain steering a large green wheel.;A man is steering a car.
entailment;A boat captain steering a large green wheel.;A guy is at the green helm of a boat.
neutral;A boat captain steering a large green wheel.;The boat pilot is testing a new lightweight anodized aluminum steering wheel at the helm of a ship.
contradiction;) (S (NP (PRP he)) (VP (VBZ is) (VP (VBG steering)))) (. .)));(ROOT (S (NP (DT the) (NN man)) (VP (VBZ is) (VP (VBG working) (NP (DT a) (NN tractor))))))
neutral;) (S (NP (PRP he)) (VP (VBZ is) (VP (VBG steering)))) (. .)));(ROOT (S (NP (DT the) (NN man)) (VP (VBZ is) (VP (VBG going) (PP (IN on) (NP (DT a) (NN trip)))))))
entailment;) (S (NP (PRP he)) (VP (VBZ is) (VP (VBG steering)))) (. .)));(ROOT (S (NP (DT the) (NN man)) (VP (VBZ is) (PP (IN on) (NP (DT a) (NN boat))))))
contradiction;An older man in nautical gear smilingly turns a ship wheel.;A man standing beside a boat.
entailment;An older man in nautical gear smilingly turns a ship wheel.;A ship wheel is manned by a well-equipped older man.
neutral;An older man in nautical gear smilingly turns a ship wheel.;An older man takes his ship on the sea.
contradiction;The smiling ship captain is holding the wheel of his wooden ship.;The ship captain has abandon his ship.
entailment;The smiling ship captain is holding the wheel of his wooden ship.;The ship captain is holding the sterring wheel.
neutral;The smiling ship captain is holding the wheel of his wooden ship.;The captain is on the bridge.
neutral;A large, green, navigating wheel is held by an older man in a captain's hat and uniform.;Older man sailing a ship
entailment;A large, green, navigating wheel is held by an older man in a captain's hat and uniform.;Older man wearing an outfit
contradiction;A large, green, navigating wheel is held by an older man in a captain's hat and uniform.;Older man having a pool party
contradiction;Three firefighters enraged after a prank call.;Three firefighters are about to start shooting a themed porno.
neutral;Three firefighters enraged after a prank call.;Three men are looking to find the guy who prank called them.
entailment;Three firefighters enraged after a prank call.;Three people are angry.
contradiction;Two brothers take a nap on a gray couch.;The brothers are racing towards home.
neutral;Two brothers take a nap on a gray couch.;The brothers are dreaming.
entailment;Two brothers take a nap on a gray couch.;The brothers are napping on the couch.
entailment;A man with hairy arms and a watch pours creamer into a cup of coffee, making color ripples along the surface.;a man makes coffee
contradiction;A man with hairy arms and a watch pours creamer into a cup of coffee, making color ripples along the surface.;the man is making soup
neutral;A man with hairy arms and a watch pours creamer into a cup of coffee, making color ripples along the surface.;the man is a chef
contradiction;A man in camouflage pants and a backwards cap carrying a toolbox and a backpack.;Nobody has clothing.
entailment;A man in camouflage pants and a backwards cap carrying a toolbox and a backpack.;A person has clothing.
neutral;A man in camouflage pants and a backwards cap carrying a toolbox and a backpack.;A tall person has clothing.
entailment;A woman with brown hair, wearing sunglasses asking a asian gentleman for directions.;The woman is speaking to the man.
contradiction;A woman with brown hair, wearing sunglasses asking a asian gentleman for directions.;A woman challenges her karate instructor to a fight.
neutral;A woman with brown hair, wearing sunglasses asking a asian gentleman for directions.;It is sunny outside.
neutral;Female street entertainer with horns doing a curtsey.;The people are watching her.
contradiction;Female street entertainer with horns doing a curtsey.;The woman is inside taking a bath.
entailment;Female street entertainer with horns doing a curtsey.;The woman is on the street.
neutral;Little girl in pink coat on a swing.;A little girl at the park.
entailment;Little girl in pink coat on a swing.;Little girl swinging.
contradiction;Little girl in pink coat on a swing.;Little girl napping on the chair.
contradiction;People under a tent at a reception.;Two bears are climbing a tree.
entailment;People under a tent at a reception.;People are outside.
neutral;People under a tent at a reception.;People are at a wedding.
contradiction;A formal band performing their works.;The band is eating dinner.
neutral;A formal band performing their works.;The band is playing music for an audience.
entailment;A formal band performing their works.;The band is playing music.
neutral;Several stall-shops selling various goods line a dimly-lit cobblestone street.;The vendors in stalls are on a street.
entailment;Several stall-shops selling various goods line a dimly-lit cobblestone street.;Stalls on a cobblestone street are selling goods.
contradiction;Several stall-shops selling various goods line a dimly-lit cobblestone street.;People are shopping in the mall.
entailment;A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition.;the horse was running
neutral;A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition.;the cowboy was winning the competition
contradiction;A cowboy riding on the back of a bronco in a competition.;the cowboy rode the sheep
neutral;three chinese people eat soup.;The men are eating chicken noodle soup.
contradiction;three chinese people eat soup.;The women are eating pizza.
entailment;three chinese people eat soup.;The people are eating soup.
contradiction;A woman in orange sunglasses jogs.;The woman walks around the track.
neutral;A woman in orange sunglasses jogs.;The woman jogs on an indoor track.
entailment;A woman in orange sunglasses jogs.;A person is jogging.
entailment;Two women and a man are sitting at a round table.;three people sitting at a round table
neutral;Two women and a man are sitting at a round table.;the people know eachother
contradiction;Two women and a man are sitting at a round table.;the people are plotting an assassination
entailment;a family deciding what to other at a restaurant;A family looks over a menu at a restaurant
neutral;a family deciding what to other at a restaurant;A young family at a local steak house decide which cut of meat they want
contradiction;a family deciding what to other at a restaurant;A family at home orders a delivery pizza
contradiction;Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant.;A puppy is sitting.
neutral;Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant.;A family is getting ready to order.
entailment;Three people sit and talk about the menu at a chinese restaurant.;People are conversing.
entailment;The Chines people are doing something.;The Chinese people are busy with something.
neutral;The Chines people are doing something.;The Chinese people are taking pictures.
contradiction;The Chines people are doing something.;The Chinese poeple arent doing anything.
contradiction;Pedestrians stop to watch a man create a mural on a wall at the side of a street.;people are watching a man create a clay sculpture.
entailment;Pedestrians stop to watch a man create a mural on a wall at the side of a street.;people are watching a man create a mural.
neutral;Pedestrians stop to watch a man create a mural on a wall at the side of a street.;people are watching a man create a mural of flowers.
contradiction;An older man with glasses clasps his hands together as two seated individuals watch him.;Two men are playing basketball while a man is clasping his hands.
neutral;An older man with glasses clasps his hands together as two seated individuals watch him.;A woman and a man is sitting and another is man is clasping his hand.
entailment;An older man with glasses clasps his hands together as two seated individuals watch him.;There are three people there.
contradiction;A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade.;The woman is sitting down with family.
entailment;A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade.;The woman is performing in the parade.
neutral;A woman with beads around her neck is performing a dance as part of a parade.;The woman is dancing a traditional dance.
contradiction;A person painting a mural on the side of a building while people are standing around watching.;The painter is sleeping near his easle.
neutral;A person painting a mural on the side of a building while people are standing around watching.;The painter is painting an ad for a local moving company.
entailment;A person painting a mural on the side of a building while people are standing around watching.;People watch as a person paints the side of a building.
neutral;A crowd of people underneath a Hi-Pointe neon sign.;A crowd of people stand under a sign in Las Vegas.
contradiction;A crowd of people underneath a Hi-Pointe neon sign.;A crowd of people standing on the summit of a mountain.
entailment;A crowd of people underneath a Hi-Pointe neon sign.;A crowd of people stand under a sign.
contradiction;A crowd of young adults outside a nightclub.;The people are outside a pool
entailment;A crowd of young adults outside a nightclub.;The adults are outside
neutral;A crowd of young adults outside a nightclub.;the people are load
neutral;A small white car is stuck on the track, while the train car that hit it at a slow speed, sits still, as a rescue worker helps the driver.;THe driver did not see the approaching train.
entailment;A small white car is stuck on the track, while the train car that hit it at a slow speed, sits still, as a rescue worker helps the driver.;The car is near a train.
contradiction;A small white car is stuck on the track, while the train car that hit it at a slow speed, sits still, as a rescue worker helps the driver.;The small car is blue.
entailment;A male is looking at different colored yarn wearing a white shirt.;The man is wearing a white shirt
neutral;A male is looking at different colored yarn wearing a white shirt.;The man had a green shirt on earlier today
contradiction;A male is looking at different colored yarn wearing a white shirt.;The man is an armadillo
contradiction;A young man and an older man sit on a plaid loveseat.;A young man and an older man play street hockey.
entailment;A young man and an older man sit on a plaid loveseat.;Two men are sitting.
neutral;A young man and an older man sit on a plaid loveseat.;A grandfather sits and watches his favorite tv show whithhis grandson.
contradiction;A man plays the piano, while a second man plays a guitar and a third man plays the saxophone.;Three men are in a garage working under the hood of an old car.
entailment;A man plays the piano, while a second man plays a guitar and a third man plays the saxophone.;Three men are playing musical instruments.
neutral;A man plays the piano, while a second man plays a guitar and a third man plays the saxophone.;Three men are performing on stage in front of a crowd of people who are cheering.
neutral;Three men work at a construction site.;Three men working
contradiction;Three men work at a construction site.;A guy taking a nap
entailment;Three men work at a construction site.;Three construction workers working at a site
entailment;A painting of a man drinking from a bottle on the side of a building.;A man is not indoors
neutral;A painting of a man drinking from a bottle on the side of a building.;A homeless man is drinking booze outside the liquor store
contradiction;A painting of a man drinking from a bottle on the side of a building.;A woman is sitting in her living room sipping on champagne
contradiction;Three construction men on a beam working with high rises in the background.;Three construction men are taking a lunch break.
entailment;Three construction men on a beam working with high rises in the background.;A building is being worked on.
neutral;Three construction men on a beam working with high rises in the background.;A manager is directing the workers from below.
neutral;A man performing dangerous construction work.;The construction worker is walking an I-beam 30 feet in the air without a harness.
entailment;A man performing dangerous construction work.;A person is working.
contradiction;A man performing dangerous construction work.;A construction worker is at lunch.
neutral;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;It is almost time for the men to quit for the day
entailment;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;Two men do construction work.
neutral;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;Two guys are restructuring a roof
contradiction;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;Two men drink wine and watch the opera.
entailment;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;Two men are working outdoors
entailment;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;Two guys are doing construction work
contradiction;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;These two men are security guards
neutral;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;Two men operate hammers on a surface.
entailment;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;A couple of workers are are doing construction.
neutral;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;There are two men wearing blue uniforms who are working atop a house that is being built.
entailment;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;The two men are working on a job.
contradiction;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;The construction workers are taking a shower.
contradiction;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;A few miners are working on extracting ore from the earth.
contradiction;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;Two men are on break at a restaurant
neutral;Two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.;The workers are getting ready to jackhammer into the street to fix a water main leak.
entailment;Workers on a platform work together to carry an item with skyscrapers in the background.;Workers on a platform work to carry an item with tall buildings in the background
neutral;Workers on a platform work together to carry an item with skyscrapers in the background.;Male workers on a platform work together to carry a piece of metal with skyscrapers in the background
contradiction;Workers on a platform work together to carry an item with skyscrapers in the background.;Workers on a platform work to clean windows by the ocean.
contradiction;Three older men playing live music in a grand hall.;A trio of jazz muscicians performing at a nightclub.
neutral;Three older men playing live music in a grand hall.;A trio of older gentlemen play chamber music in a concert hall.
entailment;Three older men playing live music in a grand hall.;A trio of older gentlemen performing in a musical concert.
contradiction;Two children perform a karate move on a red mat.;The children are watching a karate movie on the floor.
entailment;Two children perform a karate move on a red mat.;The two kids are physically active.
neutral;Two children perform a karate move on a red mat.;Two children are arguing and fighting each other.
neutral;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;A man is performing at a cafe
contradiction;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;A man is rapping at a hip hop show
contradiction;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;The man is naked in the shower by himself.
entailment;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;A man is singing
neutral;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;The man is wearing black shoes.
entailment;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;a man sings into a mic
entailment;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;The man is near the microphone.
contradiction;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;Donkey drive a bus into a herd of waffles
neutral;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;Young country boy tries to rap for the first time
neutral;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;a man performs for the first time
entailment;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;A white man has black hair.
contradiction;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;A white man has white hair.
neutral;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;A white man has light black hair.
entailment;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;Young boy performs folk song for a crowd
contradiction;Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.;a man plays madden on xbox
entailment;A man wearing a white shirt with black dot is holding a microphone as he stands in front of a background of black with white symbols on it.;A man holds a microphone.
contradiction;A man wearing a white shirt with black dot is holding a microphone as he stands in front of a background of black with white symbols on it.;A woman is painting.
neutral;A man wearing a white shirt with black dot is holding a microphone as he stands in front of a background of black with white symbols on it.;A man is singing with a microphone.
entailment;Two dogs are walking on a rugged path, one with a blue rope tied to a red object in its mouth.;Dogs are walking outside
contradiction;Two dogs are walking on a rugged path, one with a blue rope tied to a red object in its mouth.;Dogs eating birds
neutral;Two dogs are walking on a rugged path, one with a blue rope tied to a red object in its mouth.;Dogs on a walk and one has a leash
entailment;A young man in a white polka dot shirt is singing into a microphone.;A young man is singing.
contradiction;A young man in a white polka dot shirt is singing into a microphone.;A young man is making a speech.
neutral;A young man in a white polka dot shirt is singing into a microphone.;A young man at a karaoke bar.
neutral;Man singing on stage at a performance.;the guy sings loudly
contradiction;Man singing on stage at a performance.;the cat eats sheep
entailment;Man singing on stage at a performance.;the guy sings
contradiction;Two dogs walking through nature.;A man mows the lawn.
entailment;Two dogs walking through nature.;Dogs outside.
neutral;Two dogs walking through nature.;Two dogs walking through the woods to get home.
entailment;A man in a brown coat standing on a porch;A human standing
neutral;A man in a brown coat standing on a porch;A tall human standing
contradiction;A man in a brown coat standing on a porch;Nobody is standing
contradiction;three ladies posing for the camera;some women standing in a park
neutral;three ladies posing for the camera;Some ladies are posing
entailment;three ladies posing for the camera;Ladies are posing  for the camera
entailment;An old lady standing on a porch looking off in the distance;A woman is staring off at something.
neutral;An old lady standing on a porch looking off in the distance;A woman is looking at her neighbors erect a new barn.
contradiction;An old lady standing on a porch looking off in the distance;A woman is sitting in her rocking chair knitting a hat.
neutral;The lady on the porch is wearing a brown jacket.;This person is wearing winter clothing,hat,coat and scarf,while standing outside her front door
contradiction;The lady on the porch is wearing a brown jacket.;A man is wearing a sun hat in the backyard.
entailment;The lady on the porch is wearing a brown jacket.;A woman is wearing a heavy coat,standing on the patio.
entailment;a elderly woman in a tan jacket is standing by the door of a wooden house carrying a green and beige bag.;The woman is wearing a tan jacket.
contradiction;a elderly woman in a tan jacket is standing by the door of a wooden house carrying a green and beige bag.;The woman is wearing a black jacket.
neutral;a elderly woman in a tan jacket is standing by the door of a wooden house carrying a green and beige bag.;The woman is wearing gloves.
entailment;A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door.;A man is standing in front of the porch door.
neutral;A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door.;It is sunny outside.
contradiction;A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door.;The man is sitting down.
entailment;Many people are dunking to support Special Olympics.;Several people are in close proximity to each other.
contradiction;Many people are dunking to support Special Olympics.;Several people are getting their heads shaved to benefit charity.
neutral;Many people are dunking to support Special Olympics.;Many onlookers are watching from a short distance.
contradiction;fully clothed adults splash each other as they play in water.;The adults are naked.
neutral;fully clothed adults splash each other as they play in water.;The adults are playing in a pool.
entailment;fully clothed adults splash each other as they play in water.;Adults play in water.
neutral;A man in a pink shirt stands next to a man in orange.;The two people weaaring brightly colored shirts are men.
contradiction;A man in a pink shirt stands next to a man in orange.;The woman is wearing a pink and orange dress.
entailment;A man in a pink shirt stands next to a man in orange.;The person in orange is standing next to a person wearing pink.
neutral;Three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats.;The colored clothes make the group of people stand out.
entailment;Three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats.;The three people are in bright colored clothes.
contradiction;Three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats.;The three men are wearing to much dark clothes.
neutral;Three smiling men in brightly-colored shirts.;Three men pose for a picture.
entailment;Three smiling men in brightly-colored shirts.;Three men are smiling together.
contradiction;Three smiling men in brightly-colored shirts.;Three men are at a concert with black hoodies.
entailment;Many people playing and splashing in a fountain.;Many people are playing outside.
contradiction;Many people playing and splashing in a fountain.;Many people are arguing.
neutral;Many people playing and splashing in a fountain.;Many people are enjoying themselves.
entailment;People wearing life jackets jumping into or looking at the river.;People are near water.
neutral;People wearing life jackets jumping into or looking at the river.;People are doing flips into river.
contradiction;People wearing life jackets jumping into or looking at the river.;People are standing on the beach.
neutral;A line of basketball players doing a drill.;the players are brazilian
entailment;A line of basketball players doing a drill.;players doing a drill
contradiction;A line of basketball players doing a drill.;the people are flying a plane
contradiction;some young men playing basketball;Some young men are playing baseball.
entailment;some young men playing basketball;Basketball is being played.
neutral;some young men playing basketball;The young men play on a court.
entailment;A girl in a life jacket is swimming while others watch from the rocks.;A girl swimming alone.
contradiction;A girl in a life jacket is swimming while others watch from the rocks.;A girl playing softball, alone.
neutral;A girl in a life jacket is swimming while others watch from the rocks.;A lonely girl swims alone in a lake, hoping that someone on the shore might come swim with her.
entailment;A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball.;they are playing basketball
entailment;A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball.;The men are in the gym
contradiction;A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball.;They are outside
neutral;A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster.;A waiter is smoking outside the restaurant.
contradiction;A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster.;A man is cooking for a customer.
entailment;A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster.;A man smokes outside.
neutral;Women of all ages and backgrounds practice yoga in an indoor studio.;They are sweating
entailment;Women of all ages and backgrounds practice yoga in an indoor studio.;The woman are doing yoga
contradiction;Women of all ages and backgrounds practice yoga in an indoor studio.;They are all young
entailment;A happy toddler is carrying a notebook.;The toddler is happy.
neutral;A happy toddler is carrying a notebook.;A smiling toddler brings her notebook to a table to color.
contradiction;A happy toddler is carrying a notebook.;A happy toddler is playing with her blocks.
contradiction;A man plays a keyboard and sings.;A boy skips down the street.
neutral;A man plays a keyboard and sings.;A singer rehearses a song with his keyboard.
entailment;A man plays a keyboard and sings.;A man performs a song.
neutral;A blond headed toddler walking with a red piece of paper in hand.;A toddler girl is walking with a red piece of paper.
entailment;A blond headed toddler walking with a red piece of paper in hand.;A toddler is walking.
contradiction;A blond headed toddler walking with a red piece of paper in hand.;An adult is walking with a red piece of paper in hand.
contradiction;A woman plays a synthesizer in a dark room.;The synthesizer is shaped like a tennis racket.
entailment;A woman plays a synthesizer in a dark room.;The synthesizer is making noise.
neutral;A woman plays a synthesizer in a dark room.;The curtains are drawn closed.
contradiction;A little boy is running down the aisle clutching a book.;Jessica bought a new book.
entailment;A little boy is running down the aisle clutching a book.;Billy was running with his book clutched next to him.
neutral;A little boy is running down the aisle clutching a book.;Billy was running with his book.
neutral;Little boy happily holds red booklet near rows of folding-chairs.;The alter boy cleans up after the church service.
entailment;Little boy happily holds red booklet near rows of folding-chairs.;A little boy stands by folding chairs holding a red book.
contradiction;Little boy happily holds red booklet near rows of folding-chairs.;A girl holds a candle by a stage.
entailment;A flight attendant is demonstrating safety devices.;A flight attendant is putting on a show
contradiction;A flight attendant is demonstrating safety devices.;A worker is on the plane
neutral;A flight attendant is demonstrating safety devices.;A flight attendant is using a seat belt
neutral;A stewardess reviews safety procedures on a plane.;The lady is headed to Taiwan.
contradiction;A stewardess reviews safety procedures on a plane.;The woman is on a boat.
entailment;A stewardess reviews safety procedures on a plane.;A stewardess is on a plane.
entailment;A flight attendant showing passengers how to use the airplane safety vest.; A flight attendant showing passengers something.
neutral;A flight attendant showing passengers how to use the airplane safety vest.; A flight attendant on duty.
contradiction;A flight attendant showing passengers how to use the airplane safety vest.;A carpenter at work.
neutral;An elderly woman and another younger woman greeting each other.;An mean elderly woman and another younger woman
contradiction;An elderly woman and another younger woman greeting each other.;An elderly alien and another younger alien
entailment;An elderly woman and another younger woman greeting each other.;An elderly woman and another younger woman
neutral;Woman on airplane models a flotation device.;The woman is working as a stewardess.
contradiction;Woman on airplane models a flotation device.;The woman is demonstrating a floatation device on a boat.
entailment;Woman on airplane models a flotation device.;The woman is inside an airplane.
neutral;Two asian females go walking.;Two asian mothers are working out together
neutral;Two asian females go walking.;Two friends are walking.
entailment;Two asian females go walking.;Two Asian women walk.
entailment;Two asian females go walking.;Two people are walking.
neutral;Two asian females go walking.;Two ladies are walking down the street.
contradiction;Two asian females go walking.;Two caucasians are walking
neutral;Two asian females go walking.;Two Asian women walk through a park.
contradiction;Two asian females go walking.;The females are mountain climbing.
contradiction;Two asian females go walking.;Two Asian women sit at a table.
contradiction;Two asian females go walking.;Two ladies are tending their gardens.
contradiction;Two asian females go walking.;Two men are hiking.
entailment;Two asian females go walking.;Two asian females are taking a stroll together
entailment;Two asian females go walking.;Ladies are walking.
entailment;Two asian females go walking.;The females are moving their legs.
neutral;Two asian females go walking.;The females are in Japan.
contradiction;Two young women walking.;The ladies are sitting in the kitchen.
entailment;Two young women walking.;The two young women are walking somewhere.
neutral;Two young women walking.;The two young women are walking in the park.
contradiction;Two young women walking.;Two women are running together.
contradiction;Two young women walking.;One man jogging outside.
contradiction;Two young women walking.;A man and a women are walking together.
entailment;Two young women walking.;Ladies are walking.
neutral;Two young women walking.;The ladies are walking down a corridor.
neutral;Two young women walking.;Two women are strolling down the road.
neutral;Two young women walking.;Two young women walking through a park.
entailment;Two young women walking.;A pair of young looking females walking.
entailment;Two young women walking.;Two girls are walking together.
contradiction;Two young women walking.;The two young women are sitting on a bench.
neutral;Two young women walking.;A couple of girls are walking.
entailment;Two young women walking.;Two women on a walk outside.
neutral;Two young women walk past a door in a white wall.;Two friends are walking down the street looking for a restaurant
entailment;Two young women walk past a door in a white wall.;Two friends are walking down the street
contradiction;Two young women walk past a door in a white wall.;Friends are sleeping in the street
neutral;Two women walking.;There are two people walking in a park.
entailment;Two women walking.;There are two people walking.
contradiction;Two women walking.;There are four people jogging.
entailment;A man is playing guitar and wearing sunglasses.;A man is playing guitar.
contradiction;A man is playing guitar and wearing sunglasses.;A man is smashing his guitar.
neutral;A man is playing guitar and wearing sunglasses.;A man is playing an Oasis song in a college courtyard.
entailment;A man wearing sunglasses is playing the guitar.;A man is playing the guitar.
contradiction;A man wearing sunglasses is playing the guitar.;The man is playing the flute.
neutral;A man wearing sunglasses is playing the guitar.;The man is good with the guitar.
neutral;A man wearing sunglasses playing an acoustic guitar.;A man playing a slow song on a outside.
contradiction;A man wearing sunglasses playing an acoustic guitar.;A man playing an accordion for a crowd.
entailment;A man wearing sunglasses playing an acoustic guitar.;A man standing outside.
neutral;A woman window shops outside of a Louis Vuitton store.;The woman is wearing high heel shoes while window shopping.
contradiction;A woman window shops outside of a Louis Vuitton store.;The woman is standing outside the Dior store.
entailment;A woman window shops outside of a Louis Vuitton store.;The woman is standing outside the shop's window.
neutral;A man with sunglasses is playing the guitar.;The guitarist plays his favorite song.
entailment;A man with sunglasses is playing the guitar.;A musician plays a song.
contradiction;A man with sunglasses is playing the guitar.;The guitarist smashes his guitar at the end of the set.
contradiction;Two girls hold up their younger sister.;Two girls hold up their younger sister as a sacrifice to the Gods.
entailment;Two girls hold up their younger sister.;Two girls are holding up their little sister.
neutral;Two girls hold up their younger sister.;Two girls are struggling to hold on to their heavy sister.
neutral;A motocross biker about to descend;A motocross biker about to descend after his big jump.
entailment;A motocross biker about to descend;A biker about to descend.
contradiction;A motocross biker about to descend;A biker waits for his turn to race.
neutral;A man and a woman with a head covering are on a bridge looking at the water and a boat.;A husband and a wife with a head covering are on a bridge looking at the water and a boat.
contradiction;A man and a woman with a head covering are on a bridge looking at the water and a boat.;children are in a queue.
entailment;A man and a woman with a head covering are on a bridge looking at the water and a boat.;A man and a woman are looking at a boat.
neutral;Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet.;Three teenage girls practice their cheerleader routine.
contradiction;Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet.;Two girls order a pizza from an older woman.
entailment;Two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet.;Females holding another female in a room.
contradiction;A person rappels down a steep incline.;a person sits on the couch eating cheetos
neutral;A person rappels down a steep incline.;a person is rappelling towards a waterfall
entailment;A person rappels down a steep incline.;a person is rappelling
entailment;The motorcyclist has reached the summit.;A person rides a motorcycle.
contradiction;The motorcyclist has reached the summit.;A person drives a car.
neutral;The motorcyclist has reached the summit.;A person rides a motorcycle fast.
contradiction;Two girls lift a third girl.;Two girls are watching a third girl being lifted by a couple boys.
contradiction;Two girls lift a third girl.;A guy uses a hose to water his bush.
contradiction;Two girls lift a third girl.;Three girls are sitting on the grass eating ice cream
entailment;Two girls lift a third girl.;Two girls are lifting somebody
neutral;Two girls lift a third girl.;Two girls lift a third at a cheer leading competition.
entailment;Two girls lift a third girl.;Two girls are picking up another girl
neutral;Two girls lift a third girl.;Two blonde haired girls are lifting a brown haired girl
contradiction;Two girls lift a third girl.;Two girls beat up a younger girl.
neutral;Two girls lift a third girl.;Three girls are at cheerleading practice
contradiction;Two girls lift a third girl.;A wooden door has a hole in it.
entailment;Two girls lift a third girl.;Three girls are playing together.
entailment;Two girls lift a third girl.;People lift each other.
neutral;Two girls lift a third girl.;Two small girls are hoisting up a larger girl on their shoulders.
entailment;Two girls lift a third girl.;Three girls are doing something.
neutral;Two girls lift a third girl.;Sisters are goofing around.
entailment;A brown dog runs on brown grass.;A dog running on grass.
neutral;A brown dog runs on brown grass.;An old dog running on grass.
contradiction;A brown dog runs on brown grass.;An old dog running on bright green grass.
neutral;The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area.;The dog is fetching a ball.
entailment;The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area.;The dog is playing in a field.
contradiction;The furry brown dog is running through the grassy area.;The dog is sleeping on the bed.
neutral;A brown dog is running and looking up at the sky.;A brown dog runs to catch a stick
contradiction;A brown dog is running and looking up at the sky.;A brown dog lays under a tree.
entailment;A brown dog is running and looking up at the sky.;A brown dog runs while looking at the sky.
entailment;A golden colored dug prances in the grass.;A dog is in the grass.
contradiction;A golden colored dug prances in the grass.;A dog is napping outside.
neutral;A golden colored dug prances in the grass.;A dog prances in the grass after catching a stick.
entailment;The brown dog is playing outdoors.;An animal is outside.
contradiction;The brown dog is playing outdoors.;The brown dog is eating in the kitchen.
neutral;The brown dog is playing outdoors.;The brown poodle is playing outside with a tree branch.
neutral;Asian man shooting a gun in between rocks.;He is aiming at a target in between rocks.
entailment;Asian man shooting a gun in between rocks.;Asian man shooting a gun.
contradiction;Asian man shooting a gun in between rocks.;The man is using a bow and arrow.
contradiction;An Asian man, crouching on a stone wall in the mountains aiming a rifle.;The man is holding a sword.
entailment;An Asian man, crouching on a stone wall in the mountains aiming a rifle.;The man aims his gun.
neutral;An Asian man, crouching on a stone wall in the mountains aiming a rifle.;The man is going to shoot a rhino.
contradiction;A man on a hilltop is crouched and holding a gun.;The man is swinging on a tire swing
entailment;A man on a hilltop is crouched and holding a gun.;A man has a gun
neutral;A man on a hilltop is crouched and holding a gun.;The gun is a revolver
contradiction;Two young boys are playing with two toddler girls.;Two boys are making themselves breakfast.
entailment;Two young boys are playing with two toddler girls.;Four kids are playing a game together.
neutral;Two young boys are playing with two toddler girls.;Two boys are outside playing with their young cousins.
entailment;An Asian man in a jacket, glasses, and sandals is at a high altitude aiming a gun.;An Asian man gets ready to shoot a gun.
contradiction;An Asian man in a jacket, glasses, and sandals is at a high altitude aiming a gun.;An Asian man is surfing.
neutral;An Asian man in a jacket, glasses, and sandals is at a high altitude aiming a gun.;An Asian man is dressed up so someone can take photos of him.
contradiction;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;A naked man is standing in the bathroom.
neutral;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;A man is holding a coffee mug with soup in it.
contradiction;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;A man goes to the bathroom on some coffee.
contradiction;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;a man is throwing rocks
neutral;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;A person stands in a bathroom and drinks coffee.
neutral;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;a man drinks beer from a coffee mug
entailment;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;A man stands in a bathroom with a coffee cup.
neutral;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;There are other people in the bathroom with the man.
entailment;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;a man drinks in the bathroom
entailment;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;There is someone in the bathroom.
entailment;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;A man is indoors.
neutral;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;The man is waiting to go to the bathroom.
contradiction;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;A man is running.
entailment;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;A man is wearing a hat on his head.
contradiction;A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug.;The man is wearing a blue jacket.
entailment;A woman walking down the side of a highway.;The woman walks down the road.
neutral;A woman walking down the side of a highway.;The woman is wearing a blue dress.
contradiction;A woman walking down the side of a highway.;The man is walking down the highway.
contradiction;A woman is walking down the middle of the road carrying a bottle.;A woman is running outside
neutral;A woman is walking down the middle of the road carrying a bottle.;A woman is walking home
entailment;A woman is walking down the middle of the road carrying a bottle.;A woman is walking outside
contradiction;A woman in a short skirt holds a plastic bottle as she walks down a street with auto and pedestrian traffic.;The woman is inside buying a card.
neutral;A woman in a short skirt holds a plastic bottle as she walks down a street with auto and pedestrian traffic.;The woman is carrying Dasani water.
entailment;A woman in a short skirt holds a plastic bottle as she walks down a street with auto and pedestrian traffic.;The woman in a short skit is holding a bottle and walking outdoors.
entailment;A woman wearing a jean skirt walks down a city street.;A female walks down an urban street.
contradiction;A woman wearing a jean skirt walks down a city street.;A man in jeans runs through a park.
neutral;A woman wearing a jean skirt walks down a city street.;A woman is wearing a jean skirt.
contradiction;A woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic.;A woman is flying through the sky.
neutral;A woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic.;a woman is walking against traffic.
entailment;A woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic.;A person is walking along the side of the road.
contradiction;Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers.;People are bullying a kid by writing cruel things on his back with permanant marker.
entailment;Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers.;There are people writing on someone's back.
neutral;Fellows writing on the back of a friend with black markers.;People are writing silly things on their friend's back with markers.
contradiction;A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach.;they are not at a beach
entailment;A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach.;there is a couple
neutral;A couple dressed in hoodies kissing on the beach.;there is a couple in love
neutral;A man holds up a fish he just caught.;The fish was huge!
contradiction;A man holds up a fish he just caught.;The man was using a sword to catch fish with.
entailment;A man holds up a fish he just caught.;He found a great place to fish.
entailment;A woman in a green t-shirt speaks into a microphone.;There is a woman in a green t-shirt.
neutral;A woman in a green t-shirt speaks into a microphone.;The woman is speaking for TEDtalks.
contradiction;A woman in a green t-shirt speaks into a microphone.;A man in green shorts speaks into a microphone.
neutral;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;Girl behind group of walkers
entailment;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;The girl is not at the head of the pack of people.
neutral;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;A little girl walking down a dirt road to meet up with her friends.
entailment;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;Girl walking down road
neutral;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;A small girl is sneaking up on some people walking down a dirt road
contradiction;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;guys in group
contradiction;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;A girl rides her bike on the sidewalk
entailment;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;A little girl walking outdoors.
contradiction;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;A girl is riding a bicycle down a grassy hill.
neutral;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;The young girl is following her parents down the road.
neutral;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;A tired girl is having trouble keeping up with her parents.
contradiction;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;The little girl is riding a bike.
entailment;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;A girl is on a dirt road.
entailment;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;A small girl is following people walking down a dirt road.
contradiction;A little girl walking down a dirt road behind a group of other walkers.;A little girl lying down, watching television.
entailment;A bunch of travelers stand around.;A group of people are corded together.
contradiction;A bunch of travelers stand around.;There is one person outside.
neutral;A bunch of travelers stand around.;A group of people are crowded for a street performer.
neutral;A young adult wearing jeans and a camouflage t-shirt playing a black electric guitar.;A rock musician auditions for a band.
contradiction;A young adult wearing jeans and a camouflage t-shirt playing a black electric guitar.;The musician wears a frilly dress.
entailment;A young adult wearing jeans and a camouflage t-shirt playing a black electric guitar.;The guitar player weras black and camo clothing.
contradiction;There is an Asian woman in a black suit who is standing around and waiting at an airport.;A woman is knitting a hat for a baby.
neutral;There is an Asian woman in a black suit who is standing around and waiting at an airport.;The woman is talking on her cell phone while she is waiting at an airport.
entailment;There is an Asian woman in a black suit who is standing around and waiting at an airport.;A woman is waiting at the airport.
neutral;A woman of Asian looking descent in a black outfit standing in the airport baggage area.;A woman waiting to collect her luggage after flying in from the Orient to join the symphony orchestra on it's tour
entailment;A woman of Asian looking descent in a black outfit standing in the airport baggage area.;A woman waiting at the airport baggage claim
contradiction;A woman of Asian looking descent in a black outfit standing in the airport baggage area.;A woman walking three dogs in the park
entailment;People are waiting with their luggage at an airport check-in.;People are waiting to check in for their flights.
contradiction;People are waiting with their luggage at an airport check-in.;A couple nearly misses their cruise departure due to traffic.
neutral;People are waiting with their luggage at an airport check-in.;A very long line of people are waiting to check in for their flights.
neutral;People in a airport with luggage waiting on something.;The plane is late to the airport.
contradiction;People in a airport with luggage waiting on something.;The people are at home sleeping.
entailment;People in a airport with luggage waiting on something.;The people are indoors waiting.
neutral;A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown.;a short kid does a tumbling move
contradiction;A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown.;a young woman does a tumbling move
entailment;A kid does a tumbling move over a leaf-covered lawn near sundown.;a kid does a tumbling move
entailment;A band performs on a stage.;A band performs.
contradiction;A band performs on a stage.;A band take a break in the green room.
neutral;A band performs on a stage.;A band plays a song.
contradiction;A woman in a black shirt walking down the street;A young man in a red shirt is riding a skateboard down thew street.
neutral;A woman in a black shirt walking down the street;A woman in a black shirt is walking to work.
entailment;A woman in a black shirt walking down the street;There is a woman wearing a back shirt walking in the street.
entailment;A man with a blue and white trucker style hat with a logo is wearing glasses in front of a man with a yellow shirt.;a man wairs a blue hat and glasses
neutral;A man with a blue and white trucker style hat with a logo is wearing glasses in front of a man with a yellow shirt.;he is meeting a friend of his
contradiction;A man with a blue and white trucker style hat with a logo is wearing glasses in front of a man with a yellow shirt.;they are driving
entailment;A man in a t-shirt, glasses and a National Bohemian Beer cap is looking to his right and smiling.;a man is smiling
contradiction;A man in a t-shirt, glasses and a National Bohemian Beer cap is looking to his right and smiling.;a man is happily wearing his beer cap outside
neutral;A man in a t-shirt, glasses and a National Bohemian Beer cap is looking to his right and smiling.;a man is smiling because of his shirt
neutral;A woman in pink is singing on stage next to three guitar players.;She is performing at a concert.
entailment;A woman in pink is singing on stage next to three guitar players.;A woman is singing.
contradiction;A woman in pink is singing on stage next to three guitar players.;The woman is not a good singer.
entailment;A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone.;a woman is walking
contradiction;A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone.;a man is walking
neutral;A woman in a black-shirt is walking holding a silver cellphone.;an older woman is walking
contradiction;A group of people are at an aquarium to view marine life.;A group of people are looking at Zebras at the zoo.
neutral;A group of people are at an aquarium to view marine life.;A group are at the aquarium on a tour.
entailment;A group of people are at an aquarium to view marine life.;A group are viewing all the different types of fish at the aquarium.
contradiction;A young women smiling and a young man smirking in front of a speaker.;Two young people arguing.
neutral;A young women smiling and a young man smirking in front of a speaker.;A young couple on a date.
entailment;A young women smiling and a young man smirking in front of a speaker.;Two people enjoying each others company.
contradiction;A man is doing his laundry.;A young man is eating lunch.
entailment;A man is doing his laundry.;A man does his laundry.
neutral;A man is doing his laundry.;A man does laundry for his family.
contradiction;A person stands in the middle of traffic.;A person is sitting in the the middle of nowhere.
neutral;A person stands in the middle of traffic.;A person stands in the middle in the public waiting to move.
entailment;A person stands in the middle of traffic.;A person is standing in the public.
contradiction;A man dressed in a red shirt sits watching his laundry being washed.;The man is riding a bicycle.
entailment;A man dressed in a red shirt sits watching his laundry being washed.;A man in indoors.
neutral;A man dressed in a red shirt sits watching his laundry being washed.;A man is in a laundromat.
neutral;Man sits and watches five washing machines.;A man sits in a laundromat.
contradiction;Man sits and watches five washing machines.;A man watches the only machine in the room.
entailment;Man sits and watches five washing machines.;There is a person watching machines designed to clean laundry.
entailment;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;Some people are watching fish in an aquarium.
neutral;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;People looking at fish for a school project.
entailment;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;A group of people is observing aquatic life.
contradiction;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;The group of people have reached the top of the Eiffel Tower.
neutral;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;People are spending their day off inside of an aquarium with sharks.
neutral;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;There are two sharks in an aquarium exhibit.
contradiction;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;The people are eating fish.
contradiction;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;People are gathered around a dinosaur exhibit at a museum.
entailment;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;People are gazing upon fish in an aquarium.
contradiction;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;People are looking at fish in the ocean on a beach.
contradiction;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;People looking at turtles.
neutral;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;The people are visiting the aquarium.
entailment;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;People looking at fish.
entailment;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;There are people at an aquarium looking at fish.
neutral;People looking at fish at an aquarium.;A field trip visits an aquarium to look at fish.
contradiction;A man sitting at the public laundromat waiting for his clothes to finish drying.;Nobody is sitting.
entailment;A man sitting at the public laundromat waiting for his clothes to finish drying.;A human sitting.
neutral;A man sitting at the public laundromat waiting for his clothes to finish drying.;A large human sitting.
contradiction;A woman swimming with two children in blue life vests;The life vests are brown.
neutral;A woman swimming with two children in blue life vests;The woman is the children's mother.
entailment;A woman swimming with two children in blue life vests;People are in the water.
contradiction;A woman and two children who are wearing blue life vests are swimming.;These people are dry and warm.
neutral;A woman and two children who are wearing blue life vests are swimming.;The family swims from the sinking canoe.
entailment;A woman and two children who are wearing blue life vests are swimming.;The people have matching life vests
entailment;A woman and two children are swimming in water.;There is water.
neutral;A woman and two children are swimming in water.;The water is cold.
contradiction;A woman and two children are swimming in water.;There are no children.
contradiction;The mother with two son are swimming in the sea.;two boys are swimming while the mom is tanning on the beach
neutral;The mother with two son are swimming in the sea.;the sons are being chased by their mom in the ocean
entailment;The mother with two son are swimming in the sea.;the mother and sons are swimming
neutral;A woman and kids swimming in a lake.;The mother is having the kids race in the lake.
contradiction;A woman and kids swimming in a lake.;A woman is making cookies for the kids.
entailment;A woman and kids swimming in a lake.;A woman in kids are outside playing in water.
entailment;Some girls are dressed in zombie makeup.;Girls wearing zombie makeup.
contradiction;Some girls are dressed in zombie makeup.;These are zombies.
neutral;Some girls are dressed in zombie makeup.;Girls dressed as zombie brides.
contradiction;Four guys in striped shirts playing music instruments in a restaurant.;A group of ladies is hunting an elephant.
neutral;Four guys in striped shirts playing music instruments in a restaurant.;A group of Italians are playing instruments.
entailment;Four guys in striped shirts playing music instruments in a restaurant.;A band is playing songs indoors.
neutral;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;The lady is babysitting her granddaughter.
neutral;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;A mother feeds sweets to her daughter.
entailment;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;There is a young girl.
contradiction;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;The woman and her grandson enjoy their day out by themselves.
neutral;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;A woman gives a girl dressed like a princess candy on Halloween.
contradiction;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;A man wearing a cape gives a boy a baseball.
neutral;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;The woman is smiling.
entailment;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;The woman shared her candy with the child.
neutral;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;The toddler is eating the candy.
entailment;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;The woman is not selfish with the young girl.
entailment;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;A woman is giving a girl some treats.
entailment;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;A woman eats with a toddler.
contradiction;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;A father eats breakfast with a teenage boy.
contradiction;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;The woman is sharing the fruit with the toddler.
contradiction;A woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.;There is no woman.
neutral;Woman in red shirt and sunglasses gives candy to her daughter who is wearing a crown.;A woman passes out Halloween candy to a girl dressed as a princess.
contradiction;Woman in red shirt and sunglasses gives candy to her daughter who is wearing a crown.;A woman in a red shirt gives her daughter her backpack for school.
entailment;Woman in red shirt and sunglasses gives candy to her daughter who is wearing a crown.;A woman gives candy to a girl.
neutral;A woman holds a plate of goodies for her little princess.;Woman holds a plate of goodies
entailment;A woman holds a plate of goodies for her little princess.;Woman with plate of goodies for her little princess
contradiction;A woman holds a plate of goodies for her little princess.;Woman holds a book for her husband
neutral;A little girl with a tiara eating in someones lap.;The girl was with other people having a meal.
contradiction;A little girl with a tiara eating in someones lap.;The girl was drinking a soda next to a fountain.
entailment;A little girl with a tiara eating in someones lap.;The girl was in her mothers lap eating dinner after she won a tiara in the contest.
contradiction;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;The man gives his son an icecream cone.
entailment;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;The lady weighs over 100 pounds.
contradiction;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;The woman is hang gliding above the trees.
contradiction;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;The lady is playing in a cricket tournament.
entailment;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;A fat lady feeding a girl.
neutral;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;A fat lady feeding a girl who is starving.
entailment;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;Two people at a mealtime.
neutral;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;The daughter is eating something delicious.
contradiction;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;The lady is skinny.
neutral;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;The lady is in the kitchen.
contradiction;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;A fat lady feeding a dog.
neutral;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;The child is a boy.
entailment;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;A woman is feeding her young child.
entailment;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;There are two women.
neutral;a fat lady feeding her young daughter.;The lady is holding out a spoon to her child.
entailment;A woman taking a picture.;The woman is taking a photo.
neutral;A woman taking a picture.;The tourist is taking pictures of her vacation.
contradiction;A woman taking a picture.;The tourist is buying souvenirs of her trip.
neutral;A woman in sunglasses taking a photograph;The woman is taking a picture of a dog.
entailment;A woman in sunglasses taking a photograph;The woman is taking a photograph.
contradiction;A woman in sunglasses taking a photograph;The woman is laying down.
neutral;A woman in a black dress and shades takes a photo.;the women is a model
entailment;A woman in a black dress and shades takes a photo.;a women in a black dress and glasses takes a photo
contradiction;A woman in a black dress and shades takes a photo.;the women is sleeping
contradiction;A lady wearing a black summer top and dark sunglasses is taking a photograph.;A man is recording a video.
entailment;A lady wearing a black summer top and dark sunglasses is taking a photograph.;A lady is taking a picture.
neutral;A lady wearing a black summer top and dark sunglasses is taking a photograph.;A lady is taking a picture of a statue.
entailment;An oriental women with black sunglasses and a black shirt holding up a cellphone.;the asian woman in shades holds a phone
contradiction;An oriental women with black sunglasses and a black shirt holding up a cellphone.;the dog eats legs
neutral;An oriental women with black sunglasses and a black shirt holding up a cellphone.;the asian woman in shades holds the phone she got for christmas
entailment;A man playing a saxaphone.;A man plays an instrument.
neutral;A man playing a saxaphone.;A man plays an instrument in a band.
contradiction;A man playing a saxaphone.;A man is drinking at a bar.
neutral;A boat is loaded with many barrels on its roof.;the boat is on the water
neutral;A boat is loaded with many barrels on its roof.;the boat is carrying oil barrels
contradiction;A boat is loaded with many barrels on its roof.;the boat has nothing on it
contradiction;An African-American man wearing a purple shirt, white shoes and blue jeans is playing a saxophone while standing inside of a building which has many archways and a red and gray tiled floor.;A man is driving a car.
neutral;An African-American man wearing a purple shirt, white shoes and blue jeans is playing a saxophone while standing inside of a building which has many archways and a red and gray tiled floor.;A man is playing a saxophone in room
entailment;An African-American man wearing a purple shirt, white shoes and blue jeans is playing a saxophone while standing inside of a building which has many archways and a red and gray tiled floor.;A man is playing a saxophone in inside of a building
neutral;A ship filled with supplies is docked on the shore with several others in the background and several men in the foreground.;The men are about to board the ship.
entailment;A ship filled with supplies is docked on the shore with several others in the background and several men in the foreground.;The ship is in the dock.
contradiction;A ship filled with supplies is docked on the shore with several others in the background and several men in the foreground.;The ship has had all of its supplies removed.
neutral;A man playing his saxophone in a public area.;A man is performing for a crowd for tips.
contradiction;A man playing his saxophone in a public area.;A man is playing a trumpet in a car.
entailment;A man playing his saxophone in a public area.;A man is playing a song on his instrument.
contradiction;Local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat.;A school class visits the aquarium.
neutral;Local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat.;The people hope to catch many fish.
entailment;Local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat.;People are getting to go fishing on a boat.
neutral;Young woman with scrabble shoes and white rimmed sunglasses talks and smiles on cellphone while opening package.;A young woman is talking on the phone with her mom as she opens her birthday present from her.
contradiction;Young woman with scrabble shoes and white rimmed sunglasses talks and smiles on cellphone while opening package.;A young woman is taking a nap in her bed.
entailment;Young woman with scrabble shoes and white rimmed sunglasses talks and smiles on cellphone while opening package.;A person is talking on their phone.
entailment;A woman with red-hair, a brown shirt, and a green bag is sitting down and talking on a phone.;The lady is having a conversation while not standing.
contradiction;A woman with red-hair, a brown shirt, and a green bag is sitting down and talking on a phone.;The girl is walking in the grocery store silently.
neutral;A woman with red-hair, a brown shirt, and a green bag is sitting down and talking on a phone.;The person is talking to her husband.
contradiction;A woman with red-hair talks on her cellphone while sitting down.;A woman is laying down and typing on her computer.
neutral;A woman with red-hair talks on her cellphone while sitting down.;A woman is talking to her child on the phone about school.
entailment;A woman with red-hair talks on her cellphone while sitting down.;A woman is sitting and talking on her cellphone.
entailment;A woman talks on her cellphone while standing near a brick wall.;A woman is on her cellphone.
neutral;A woman talks on her cellphone while standing near a brick wall.;A woman is talking to her lawyer on her cellphone.
contradiction;A woman talks on her cellphone while standing near a brick wall.;An alien is on her cellphone.
entailment;Bishop making the cross with ashes on a man's forehead;the man had a ash on his forehead
neutral;Bishop making the cross with ashes on a man's forehead;the man was at church
contradiction;Bishop making the cross with ashes on a man's forehead;the bishop talked to the woman while putting a cross on her cheek
contradiction;A priest rubs a cross on a man's forehead.;two men are skydiving
neutral;A priest rubs a cross on a man's forehead.;a man getting rid of his demon
entailment;A priest rubs a cross on a man's forehead.;"a priest rubs a man with his ""cross."""
contradiction;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;Two men are playing tennis.
neutral;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;The men are married to one another.
entailment;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;Two men are near each other.
contradiction;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;Two women hug as they celebrate graduating
contradiction;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;A priest is meditating alone on his beliefs.
contradiction;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;The man in the robe has no arms.
entailment;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;There are two men next to each other
neutral;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;A priest is giving a blessing to a man.
contradiction;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;A man is standing by himself.
neutral;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;A man places his hand on the forehand of a man kneeling down in front of him
entailment;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;A man wearing a white robe places his hand on the other man's forehead.
neutral;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;A priest is blessing someone.
neutral;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;The two men are in a church.
entailment;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;A person is touching someone's face.
entailment;A man in a white robe with a purple sash places his hand on the forehead of another man.;Two people are touching each other.
contradiction;A group of people looking around in a dirt or stone shaded area.;A girl is building a sandcastle.
entailment;A group of people looking around in a dirt or stone shaded area.;People are looking around the dirt.
neutral;A group of people looking around in a dirt or stone shaded area.;People are looking for a lost cellphone.
entailment;A small group of adults and children are standing on a dirt trail on a hill.;The group of people are standing.
neutral;A small group of adults and children are standing on a dirt trail on a hill.;The group of peopel are on a hiking trip.
contradiction;A small group of adults and children are standing on a dirt trail on a hill.;The group of dogs are standing on the dirt.
entailment;A group of people going for a hike.;A group of people are hiking.
contradiction;A group of people going for a hike.;A group of people dance in the woods.
neutral;A group of people going for a hike.;A group of people hike in the woods.
entailment;A group of tourists are exploring the sight.;The People are not from here.
contradiction;A group of tourists are exploring the sight.;The people live next to the sight.
neutral;A group of tourists are exploring the sight.;The tourists are part of a tour group.
neutral;A group of people are on a canyon.;People are hiking to the bottom of the canyon.
entailment;A group of people are on a canyon.;People are on a canyon.
contradiction;A group of people are on a canyon.;People are on a hill.
contradiction;Three women enjoying a balloon joyride.;Three women are enjoying a plane ride through the air.
entailment;Three women enjoying a balloon joyride.;Three women are on a balloon ride.
neutral;Three women enjoying a balloon joyride.;Three women are taking a tour of the city by means of a hot air balloon.
entailment;A group of people enjoying a hot air balloon ride.;Some people are in a hot are balloon
contradiction;A group of people enjoying a hot air balloon ride.;A group of dogs are in a hot air balloon.
neutral;A group of people enjoying a hot air balloon ride.;Some people are high in the sky
entailment;Tourists enjoying a hot air balloon type ride.;People are sitting in a balloon.
neutral;Tourists enjoying a hot air balloon type ride.;There are couples in the balloon.
contradiction;Tourists enjoying a hot air balloon type ride.;There is only one person in the balloon.
entailment;a group of people are enjoying their time on a carnival ride.;Humans enjoying.
contradiction;a group of people are enjoying their time on a carnival ride.;Nobody is enjoying.
neutral;a group of people are enjoying their time on a carnival ride.;Tall humans enjoying.
neutral;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;Kids are enjoying rides at an amusement park at night
neutral;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;Children stuck mid air on a balloon ride.
entailment;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;People in a ride
entailment;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;Children on a balloon ride at a carnival.
contradiction;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;Adults are playing poker
contradiction;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;The park was empty
entailment;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;Children are riding above the ground.
contradiction;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;Children painting a balloon in the air.
entailment;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;Kids are on amusement park rides
neutral;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;The children are enjoying their balloon ride.
entailment;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;Some kids are riding on a balloon ride at the amusement park.
contradiction;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;The children are riding the go-carts.
neutral;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;A group of brothers and sisters are riding on a balloon ride at the amusement park.
neutral;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;10 people in a ride
contradiction;Children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.;Only one child is on a balloon ride at the amusement park.
contradiction;This person, seated on a type of go-cart, is riding downhill.;A bicyclist is riding uphill.
neutral;This person, seated on a type of go-cart, is riding downhill.;A go-cart race is happening down the hill.
entailment;This person, seated on a type of go-cart, is riding downhill.;A go-cart picks up speed on the decline.
entailment;a young person riding a small wagon down a hill.;A young person is outside.
neutral;a young person riding a small wagon down a hill.;A young person is riding a wagon pushed by their parents.
contradiction;a young person riding a small wagon down a hill.;A young person is on the swingset.
neutral;A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture.;A mans stands in front of a scooter and holds up a some sceneries picture
contradiction;A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture.;A man sitting at the back of scooter
entailment;A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture.;A mans stands in front of a scooter and holds up a picture
neutral;a boy is riding a buggy down a woodland path.;A boy is on his way to see his grandmother.
contradiction;a boy is riding a buggy down a woodland path.;The boy is playing in the snow.
entailment;a boy is riding a buggy down a woodland path.;The boy is on a path in the woods.
entailment;Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.;People stand with arms raised in the crowd.
neutral;Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.;Many people were really enjoying the concert and raise their arms in support.
contradiction;Many people have arms lifted in a crowd.;Many people crossed their arms in the scarce crowd.
entailment;Girls are playing basketball.;There are girls performing a physical activity.
neutral;Girls are playing basketball.;Some girls are playing for the championship.
contradiction;Girls are playing basketball.;The girls are sitting on a couch.
entailment;A canoe of children is floating in the water with one boy rowing.;a canoe is floating
neutral;A canoe of children is floating in the water with one boy rowing.;the canoe is brown
contradiction;A canoe of children is floating in the water with one boy rowing.;the canoe is sunken
neutral;A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up.;A girl is sitting in a chair with people around her.
entailment;A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up.;A girl is surrounded by people.
contradiction;A girl in a red dress is surrounded by a lot of other people holding their hands up.;People are at a casino playing slots.
neutral;A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air.;The crowd is at a concert.
entailment;A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air.;The crowd is looking at the same thing.
contradiction;A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air.;There is a brawl happening.
entailment;Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.;there are people gathered
contradiction;Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.;there is nobody there
neutral;Several people in a crowd, some with their arms raised.;there are people praying
contradiction;The girl in the red dress is raising her hand amidst a group of people.;A dog is eating kibble in the kitchen
entailment;The girl in the red dress is raising her hand amidst a group of people.;A young girl in a red dress is in a crowd of people
neutral;The girl in the red dress is raising her hand amidst a group of people.;A young Asian girl in a red dress is in a crowd of people
entailment;People standing in front of a big wall with graffiti painted on it.;A big wall with graffiti on it.
contradiction;People standing in front of a big wall with graffiti painted on it.;A big wall with no graffiti on it.
neutral;People standing in front of a big wall with graffiti painted on it.;A big wall with graffiti art on it.
neutral;Three people in red shirts wait for a bus next to a wall with graffiti on it.;The people are strangers to eachother.
contradiction;Three people in red shirts wait for a bus next to a wall with graffiti on it.;The people are wearing yellow shirts.
entailment;Three people in red shirts wait for a bus next to a wall with graffiti on it.;There are three people wearing shirts.
neutral;Three people dressed in red and black stand on a sidewalk in front of a beige wall adorned in graffiti.;The 3 people standing outside are trying to figure out what they want to paint on the wall behind them.
contradiction;Three people dressed in red and black stand on a sidewalk in front of a beige wall adorned in graffiti.;The 3 people are sitting on a red and black blanket in the country eating fried chicken.
entailment;Three people dressed in red and black stand on a sidewalk in front of a beige wall adorned in graffiti.;There are 3 people outside.
contradiction;Here is a picture of locals hanging out in front of a store, talking on the phone and making sure their graffiti sign does n't get tagged.;The locals are inside eating dinner.
neutral;Here is a picture of locals hanging out in front of a store, talking on the phone and making sure their graffiti sign does n't get tagged.;The people are gang members.
entailment;Here is a picture of locals hanging out in front of a store, talking on the phone and making sure their graffiti sign does n't get tagged.;The people have painted a sign with graffiti.
entailment;Three people standing next to a building that has graffiti on it.;People are outside.
contradiction;Three people standing next to a building that has graffiti on it.;People are bowling.
neutral;Three people standing next to a building that has graffiti on it.;People are pointing at the graffiti.
neutral;Pitcher on mount, in red and white suite, pitching.;A baseball team is playing a game.
contradiction;Pitcher on mount, in red and white suite, pitching.;The pitcher wears blue and gold.
entailment;Pitcher on mount, in red and white suite, pitching.;A person is throwing a ball.
neutral;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;A band plays to a crowd of different ages outside.
neutral;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;A concert is for charity.
entailment;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;A band plays music outside.
contradiction;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;The band is sitting inside a car.
contradiction;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;A band eats lunch and waits for the sun to go down.
contradiction;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;The concert got canceled
entailment;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;A concert is outside.
contradiction;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;There are thousands of people watching them perform.
neutral;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;The band is playing in a gazebo.
entailment;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;The band are playing music.
neutral;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;A small crowd listens to a charity band outside.
contradiction;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;A large crowd gathers for a speech in a town hall.
entailment;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;Several people are listening to a band.
entailment;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;A small crowd listens to a band outside.
neutral;Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.;The band are playing soft rock.
entailment;Two young adults are enjoying time in the snow.;Two adults are in the snow.
neutral;Two young adults are enjoying time in the snow.;Two adults are throwing snowballs.
contradiction;Two young adults are enjoying time in the snow.;Two adults are sitting in the snow.
entailment;Bruce Springsteen is singing on stage.;Bruce Springsteen is on stage.
contradiction;Bruce Springsteen is singing on stage.;Bruce Springsteen is in a house.
neutral;Bruce Springsteen is singing on stage.;There is a crowd watching.
contradiction;Bruce Springsteen sings a hit with a smile on stage.;An unknown person standing in a crowd.
neutral;Bruce Springsteen sings a hit with a smile on stage.;Bruce springsteen performing for a large crowd.
entailment;Bruce Springsteen sings a hit with a smile on stage.;Bruce Springsteen performing.
neutral;A man is lying in snow laughing while a female is looking on.;The girlfriend is happy to see his boyfriend is enjoying his time on the snow.
contradiction;A man is lying in snow laughing while a female is looking on.;The couple is in equador.
entailment;A man is lying in snow laughing while a female is looking on.;The man and the woman are having fun in a snowy day.
neutral;Bruce Springsteen, dressed in black, is holding a microphone and pointing to a crowd.;There is a man pointing at a crowd outdoors
contradiction;Bruce Springsteen, dressed in black, is holding a microphone and pointing to a crowd.;There is a man looking at a crowd not pointing
entailment;Bruce Springsteen, dressed in black, is holding a microphone and pointing to a crowd.;There is a man pointing to a crowd
entailment;A photo of a Volvo dealership at night with two people surrounded by orange cones.;A photo of a Volvo dealership has two people and orange cones.
neutral;A photo of a Volvo dealership at night with two people surrounded by orange cones.;There is a crime scene at the Volvo dealership.
contradiction;A photo of a Volvo dealership at night with two people surrounded by orange cones.;The Volvo dealership is serving ice cream.
contradiction;A man standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Volvo dealership.;A woman standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Honda dealership.
entailment;A man standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Volvo dealership.;Someone is standing in the middle of the traffic cones in front of a car dealership.
neutral;A man standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Volvo dealership.;A man standing in the middle of traffic cones in front of a Volvo dealership, waiting for the car salesman.
entailment;Two men stand in the middle of a square of traffic cones placed underneath a traffic signal in front of a Volvo dealership.;Two men stand in the middle of a square of traffic
neutral;Two men stand in the middle of a square of traffic cones placed underneath a traffic signal in front of a Volvo dealership.;Two men joyously stand in the middle of a square of traffic
contradiction;Two men stand in the middle of a square of traffic cones placed underneath a traffic signal in front of a Volvo dealership.;Two men don't stand in the middle of a square of traffic
contradiction;A man walks in a Volvo sales lot in the dark with only the Volvo sign illuminated.;A man is looking at Christmas trees.
entailment;A man walks in a Volvo sales lot in the dark with only the Volvo sign illuminated.;A man walks around a Volvo car lot at night.
neutral;A man walks in a Volvo sales lot in the dark with only the Volvo sign illuminated.;A man visits his dealership to see new Volvo models.
entailment;A woman at a salon getting her nails done in a pink-like color.;The woman is inside a store.
contradiction;A woman at a salon getting her nails done in a pink-like color.;The woman is digging in her flowerbed, getting rid of all the weeds.
neutral;A woman at a salon getting her nails done in a pink-like color.;The woman is treating herself to a nice day of spa/nails/hair after a stressful week at work.
contradiction;A woman painting another woman's fingernails a bright purple.;A woman is giving another woman a pedicure.
entailment;A woman painting another woman's fingernails a bright purple.;A woman is giving another woman a manicure.
neutral;A woman painting another woman's fingernails a bright purple.;A woman is painting a womans acrylics purple.
entailment;A woman with long black hair paints the nails of another person a deep maroon color.;A woman is painting another womans finger nails.
neutral;A woman with long black hair paints the nails of another person a deep maroon color.;A woman is painting her bestfriends nails for a date.
contradiction;A woman with long black hair paints the nails of another person a deep maroon color.;A woman is getting a massage at a spa.
neutral;A lady wearing a green shirt with long hair is doing a purple manicure.;Someone has long nails.
entailment;A lady wearing a green shirt with long hair is doing a purple manicure.;Someone is having their nails painted.
contradiction;A lady wearing a green shirt with long hair is doing a purple manicure.;Only one person is getting a green manicure.
contradiction;there are six dogs in the water;The pets are playing cards.
neutral;there are six dogs in the water;There is a pack of dogs are drinking water.
entailment;there are six dogs in the water;There are animal wading in the waters.
entailment;A group of dogs standing in a river.;The dogs are in the water.
neutral;A group of dogs standing in a river.;There are three dogs in the water.
contradiction;A group of dogs standing in a river.;The dog bites the girl.
contradiction;a large group of dogs walking in a body of water.;A large group of dogs are swimming in deep water.
entailment;a large group of dogs walking in a body of water.;Animals are walking around in some water.
neutral;a large group of dogs walking in a body of water.;An owner walks his dogs in shallow water at the beach.
contradiction;The white dog is standing on its hind legs, looking over a ledge.;A white dog is laying on the rug.
neutral;The white dog is standing on its hind legs, looking over a ledge.;A white dog is staring over a ledge at a cat.
entailment;The white dog is standing on its hind legs, looking over a ledge.;A white dog is peering over a ledge.
contradiction;Dogs play in creek.;The dogs are at the vet office.
entailment;Dogs play in creek.;There are dogs playing in the water.
neutral;Dogs play in creek.;The dogs are hot.
neutral;A boy in blue slides down a tan slide.;A sad boy in blue slides down a tan slide.
contradiction;A boy in blue slides down a tan slide.;A girl in blue slides down a tan slide.
entailment;A boy in blue slides down a tan slide.;A person in blue slides down a tan slide.
entailment;A young boy in a blue jacket going down a slide.;There is a boy is playing.
contradiction;A young boy in a blue jacket going down a slide.;A man is sent on a mission to outer space.
neutral;A young boy in a blue jacket going down a slide.;A boy is playing at the playground with his friends.
neutral;A boy wearing a blue shirt is going down a slide.;The slide is big
entailment;A boy wearing a blue shirt is going down a slide.;The boy is wearing clothes
contradiction;A boy wearing a blue shirt is going down a slide.;The boy is wearing a green shirt
contradiction;A dark-haired boy sits outside on a beige structure.;A dark-haired boy runs through the living room
neutral;A dark-haired boy sits outside on a beige structure.;A dark-haired boy is sitting outside of Walmart.
entailment;A dark-haired boy sits outside on a beige structure.;A dark-haired boy is sitting on the outside of a beige structure.
entailment;A boy is going down the slide.;A boy is on a slide
neutral;A boy is going down the slide.;A boy is at the park
contradiction;A boy is going down the slide.;A boy is in a tent
entailment;A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field.;A gray dog running outdoors.
neutral;A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field.;A gray dog chasing a squirrel outdoors.
contradiction;A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field.;A dog eating a piece of bacon.
contradiction;"People standing together under a ""start"" banner in the street.";people are sitting
neutral;"People standing together under a ""start"" banner in the street.";start banners are needed
entailment;"People standing together under a ""start"" banner in the street.";people stand
entailment;A young boy jumps into the water.;The boy is outside.
neutral;A young boy jumps into the water.;The boy is playing in water.
contradiction;A young boy jumps into the water.;The boy is playing in a sandbox.
neutral;Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.;The guards are all angry.
contradiction;Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.;The guards are sleeping in a bell tower.
entailment;Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.;The guards are standing at the starting line
contradiction;A person walking on a path while using a cane.;A person riding a bike.
entailment;A person walking on a path while using a cane.;A person using a cane.
neutral;A person walking on a path while using a cane.;A person using a antique cane.
neutral;A baseball pitcher in a circle with a symbol to his right.;He is good at sports.
contradiction;A baseball pitcher in a circle with a symbol to his right.;He is asking around for directions to the nearest restroom.
entailment;A baseball pitcher in a circle with a symbol to his right.;He is playing ball.
neutral;Two men in orange construction hats are guiding a cart full of brick stones.;Two workers lay new bricks for a cobblestone road.
contradiction;Two men in orange construction hats are guiding a cart full of brick stones.;Two men take bricks from a cobblestone road.
entailment;Two men in orange construction hats are guiding a cart full of brick stones.;Two men doing construction work.
contradiction;A person in red sitting on a beach.;The person is wearing blue.
neutral;A person in red sitting on a beach.;The person is going to get into the water.
entailment;A person in red sitting on a beach.;The person is at the beach.
entailment;A man in red sits under the shade of a small tree on the beach.;Someone dressed in red is sitting on the beach.
entailment;A man in red sits under the shade of a small tree on the beach.;Someone wearing a red shirt, hides in the shade.
contradiction;A man in red sits under the shade of a small tree on the beach.;A lady is laying on the beach.
entailment;The beach with a person in a red tank top sitting under a small tree.;A small tree has someone sitting beneath it.
contradiction;The beach with a person in a red tank top sitting under a small tree.;The person in a red tank top is running down the beach.
neutral;The beach with a person in a red tank top sitting under a small tree.;The person under the tree is wearing jeans.
neutral;A man wearing a red tank top and white hat is sitting on a towel at the beach.;Man sitting on Venus beach.
contradiction;A man wearing a red tank top and white hat is sitting on a towel at the beach.;Man sitting on the sand at the Mojave desert.
entailment;A man wearing a red tank top and white hat is sitting on a towel at the beach.;Man sitting on the beach.
entailment;People enjoying the sandy beach near the water with a funny looking tree on the beach.;people enjoying the beach
neutral;People enjoying the sandy beach near the water with a funny looking tree on the beach.;the people are ladies
contradiction;People enjoying the sandy beach near the water with a funny looking tree on the beach.;the people are flying a plane
neutral;A woman checks her cellphone while sitting at a table with another woman.;A woman is at lunch with her friend.
entailment;A woman checks her cellphone while sitting at a table with another woman.;A woman is looking at her phone.
contradiction;A woman checks her cellphone while sitting at a table with another woman.;A woman is writing a letter.
contradiction;Craftsman hanging from a rope.;The Craftsman is sitting on the ground.
neutral;Craftsman hanging from a rope.;The rope is long.
entailment;Craftsman hanging from a rope.;There is someone hanging from the rope.
entailment;The white dog brings a stick from the water.;A dog is carrying something.
contradiction;The white dog brings a stick from the water.;A baby sleeps in his crib.
neutral;The white dog brings a stick from the water.;A dog is playing fetch with his owner.
neutral;A man is hooked to a zipline and stepped off the platform;A man celebrates his birthday with a trip ziplining.
contradiction;A man is hooked to a zipline and stepped off the platform;A man goes bungee jumping.
entailment;A man is hooked to a zipline and stepped off the platform;A man goes ziplining.
contradiction;A man in black pants is wearing a yellow hard hat as he rides a zipline.;The man is wearing green pants.
neutral;A man in black pants is wearing a yellow hard hat as he rides a zipline.;This is the first time the man has rode a zipline.
entailment;A man in black pants is wearing a yellow hard hat as he rides a zipline.;The man is outside.
contradiction;A woman wearing a yellow helmet is using a zipline.;There is a woman standing still
entailment;A woman wearing a yellow helmet is using a zipline.;There is a woman using a zipline.
neutral;A woman wearing a yellow helmet is using a zipline.;The woman is moving quickly through the air
neutral;A person hanging from a zip line with a yellow helmet.;A person using a zip line on their vacation.
contradiction;A person hanging from a zip line with a yellow helmet.;A person on a surfboard with a yellow helmet.
entailment;A person hanging from a zip line with a yellow helmet.;A person using a zip line.
entailment;a little boy plays in the snow.;The boy is outside in winter
contradiction;a little boy plays in the snow.;The boy is dressed in a t-shirt and shorts
neutral;a little boy plays in the snow.;The boy is making snowballs
contradiction;A man pulling a heavy cart full of bricks.;A man pulling a cart full of grass seed.
entailment;A man pulling a heavy cart full of bricks.;A man pulling a cart.
neutral;A man pulling a heavy cart full of bricks.;A man pulling a cart of bricks to the construction site.
entailment;Many people are clustered closely together, and several of them have alcohol.;A lot of people drinking.
neutral;Many people are clustered closely together, and several of them have alcohol.;All woman drinking together.
contradiction;Many people are clustered closely together, and several of them have alcohol.;A group of people at the library.
contradiction;Guys and girls in a cramped place with drinks in hand.;There are only guys at a party
entailment;Guys and girls in a cramped place with drinks in hand.;There are guys and girls at a crowded party
neutral;Guys and girls in a cramped place with drinks in hand.;There are guys and girls at a party
neutral;A group of people are in a crowded place.;A crowd of people getting ready for the concert.
contradiction;A group of people are in a crowded place.;A group of people in a quiet alley.
entailment;A group of people are in a crowded place.;A group people in a busy area.
contradiction;An aerial shot of a big crowd of people.;There is a picture of alligators
entailment;An aerial shot of a big crowd of people.;There is a large group outside
neutral;An aerial shot of a big crowd of people.;The people gather to watch the fight
neutral;Several people, all wearing sunglasses, are captured jumping into the air and making funny poses on a sandy beach area near a log.;the people are in the sun
contradiction;Several people, all wearing sunglasses, are captured jumping into the air and making funny poses on a sandy beach area near a log.;the people are flying a plane
entailment;Several people, all wearing sunglasses, are captured jumping into the air and making funny poses on a sandy beach area near a log.;people are wearing glasses
entailment;A man driving a cart with an advertisement asking you to place your ad on the back of his bike.;The man is riding his bike.
contradiction;A man driving a cart with an advertisement asking you to place your ad on the back of his bike.;The man is riding an elephant.
neutral;A man driving a cart with an advertisement asking you to place your ad on the back of his bike.;The man is advertising Google.
contradiction;Three friends hanging out mid jump on a beach.;The friends are hanging out in an apartment.
entailment;Three friends hanging out mid jump on a beach.;The friends are on the beach.
neutral;Three friends hanging out mid jump on a beach.;The friends took a day trip to a beach together.
entailment;Three young men are jumping in the air during a picture on the beach.;Some men are outside at the beach.
contradiction;Three young men are jumping in the air during a picture on the beach.;Three young women swim at the beach.
neutral;Three young men are jumping in the air during a picture on the beach.;Three men are posing for a picture before they leave the beach.
contradiction;A sign proclaiming that there is ad space available.;The sign says no ad space is available
entailment;A sign proclaiming that there is ad space available.;A sign outside
neutral;A sign proclaiming that there is ad space available.;The sign is large
entailment;A man and a woman standing on a bridge look across the water at a boat.;The man and woman look off in the distance.
neutral;A man and a woman standing on a bridge look across the water at a boat.;The man and woman are sweaty.
contradiction;A man and a woman standing on a bridge look across the water at a boat.;The man and woman are in the desert.
entailment;A man is very excited to add a tattoo to his collection.;The man has a couple of tattoos.
neutral;A man is very excited to add a tattoo to his collection.;The man wants a tattoo of a skull and cross bones on his shoulder.
contradiction;A man is very excited to add a tattoo to his collection.;This is the man's first tattoo ever.
contradiction;A chef is preparing a dish in a large kitchen.;A man sleeps.
neutral;A chef is preparing a dish in a large kitchen.;A chef is preparing their favorite dish in a large kitchen.
entailment;A chef is preparing a dish in a large kitchen.;A chef in a kitchen.
entailment;A man with a lot of tattoo's is getting another one.;A man is getting a tattoo.
neutral;A man with a lot of tattoo's is getting another one.;A man is happy to be getting a new tattoo.
contradiction;A man with a lot of tattoo's is getting another one.;A man is getting a haircut.
contradiction;Tattooed man getting a tattoo.;A tattooed man is getting his tattoos erased.
neutral;Tattooed man getting a tattoo.;A tattooed man is getting a tattoo of a Chinese character.
entailment;Tattooed man getting a tattoo.;A tattooed man is getting a new tattoo.
neutral;Short order cook preparing a meal in a kitchen.;Short order cook preparing a meal in a kitchen at his place of employment
entailment;Short order cook preparing a meal in a kitchen.;Short order cook is cooking up a meal
contradiction;Short order cook preparing a meal in a kitchen.;Short order cook is sitting down eating a meal
entailment;A male chief in a restaurant kitchen, with a black hat on and a frying pain in his left hand, pouring the contents in the pain into bowels.;A male chief in a kitchen.
contradiction;A male chief in a restaurant kitchen, with a black hat on and a frying pain in his left hand, pouring the contents in the pain into bowels.;A female chief in a kitchen.
neutral;A male chief in a restaurant kitchen, with a black hat on and a frying pain in his left hand, pouring the contents in the pain into bowels.;A male Indian chief in a kitchen.
neutral;The blond-haired mother looked on as her daughter was getting her haircut for the first time.;A blonde mother looks on as her blonde daughter gets her first hair cut.
entailment;The blond-haired mother looked on as her daughter was getting her haircut for the first time.;A blonde mother looks on as her daughter gets her first hair cut.
contradiction;The blond-haired mother looked on as her daughter was getting her haircut for the first time.;A blonde mother watches her daughter get her teeth pulled for the first time.
contradiction;A policeman stand outside on the street with his hands in his pockets.;A policemen handcuffing a suspect.
neutral;A policeman stand outside on the street with his hands in his pockets.;A policemen standing out in the cold.
entailment;A policeman stand outside on the street with his hands in his pockets.;A policeman has his hands in his pockets.
entailment;Two pastry chefs making pastry and a senior citizen purchasing pastry she has been shopping already.;Some people are inside a store.
neutral;Two pastry chefs making pastry and a senior citizen purchasing pastry she has been shopping already.;Customers are buying some food for breakfast.
contradiction;Two pastry chefs making pastry and a senior citizen purchasing pastry she has been shopping already.;The restaurant is closed as people look from outside.
contradiction;A middle-aged security guard wearing a yellow vest is standing next to a car;The woman sits next to the car.
entailment;A middle-aged security guard wearing a yellow vest is standing next to a car;The security guard stands next to the car.
neutral;A middle-aged security guard wearing a yellow vest is standing next to a car;The security guard stands next to the suspicious car.
neutral;A girl with brown hair is getting her hair styled by a lady in a pink shirt.;A young girl gets her hair styled for prom.
entailment;A girl with brown hair is getting her hair styled by a lady in a pink shirt.;A girl gets her hair styled.
contradiction;A girl with brown hair is getting her hair styled by a lady in a pink shirt.;A boy gets a haircut.
entailment;A man in a hat is standing next to a trailer and petting a donkey.;A man is near a trailer.
neutral;A man in a hat is standing next to a trailer and petting a donkey.;A man is at the fair.
contradiction;A man in a hat is standing next to a trailer and petting a donkey.;A man is mowing his lawn.
contradiction;A man is carrying a board with many pairs of sunglasses.;a woman is crocheting
neutral;A man is carrying a board with many pairs of sunglasses.;a man tries to sell many sunglasses
entailment;A man is carrying a board with many pairs of sunglasses.;a man carries sunglasses on a piece of wood
neutral;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;A man watches someone cook something on the stove.
entailment;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;A young man has a tan hat.
contradiction;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;A child goes down a slide.
contradiction;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;He is sitting at a picnic table outside.
neutral;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;A man is looking at his house.
neutral;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;A young man has a small tan hat.
entailment;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;The young man is taller than the wall separating the kitchen and the living area.
neutral;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;A young man is standing in the kitchen.
neutral;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;The  young man is looking to see if dinner is ready yet.
entailment;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;A man wears a hat.
entailment;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;a man is inside.
contradiction;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;A man is sleeping.
contradiction;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;A young man is outside looking at the house.
contradiction;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;A young man has a white hat.
entailment;A young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.;He is standing inside the house.
neutral;A man in a green shirt and tan cap leans against a railing in someone's kitchen.;A man is in a friend's kitchen
contradiction;A man in a green shirt and tan cap leans against a railing in someone's kitchen.;A man wearing a red shirt is in someone's bedroom.
entailment;A man in a green shirt and tan cap leans against a railing in someone's kitchen.;A man is in a kitchen
neutral;A man in a green shirt and beige cap is standing in a household.;a man is standing in household
entailment;A man in a green shirt and beige cap is standing in a household.;A man wearing a green shirt is standing near the house
contradiction;A man in a green shirt and beige cap is standing in a household.;A man is driving a car.
contradiction;Boy in green shirt standing at wall in kitchen.;The child is asleep in his bed
neutral;Boy in green shirt standing at wall in kitchen.;There is a child being punished in the kitchen
entailment;Boy in green shirt standing at wall in kitchen.;There is a child indoors.
contradiction;People look on as a guy attends to a fixed gear bike under a tent.;A man is riding a bike through tent world.
neutral;People look on as a guy attends to a fixed gear bike under a tent.;It is raining so a guy is fixing a bike underneath the protection of a tent.
entailment;People look on as a guy attends to a fixed gear bike under a tent.;A guy is working on a bike.
contradiction;There is a homeless man outside this building.;There is a rich man outside this building.
neutral;There is a homeless man outside this building.;The homeless man is trying to get donations.
entailment;There is a homeless man outside this building.;There is a homeless man outside this building.
contradiction;The man, under the canopy, is working on a bicycle while an onlooker watches.;The man is riding his bicycle around the neighborhood
neutral;The man, under the canopy, is working on a bicycle while an onlooker watches.;The onlooker is getting his bike fixed.
entailment;The man, under the canopy, is working on a bicycle while an onlooker watches.;The man is working on his vehicle.
contradiction;A woman with a blue jacket and black pants is under a black and yellow tent;A woman in a green dress is in line to buy popcorn at a movie theater.
entailment;A woman with a blue jacket and black pants is under a black and yellow tent;There is a woman under a colorful tent.
neutral;A woman with a blue jacket and black pants is under a black and yellow tent;A woman is sitting at a picnic table underneath an outdoor tent.
entailment;A boy in a red swimsuit laughs.;I see a boy in a red swim suit
neutral;A boy in a red swimsuit laughs.;the boy is at the beach laughing
contradiction;A boy in a red swimsuit laughs.;the boy is in space
contradiction;A man running into a pool of water at a track and field event.;A woman is sleeping in a bed.
neutral;A man running into a pool of water at a track and field event.;A black man is competing in a triathlon.
entailment;A man running into a pool of water at a track and field event.;A man is running.
entailment;Two people in blue shirts take a photo of themselves as a woman in a scarf pass them by.;The people are using a camera.
neutral;Two people in blue shirts take a photo of themselves as a woman in a scarf pass them by.;The people took a picture of the woman.
contradiction;Two people in blue shirts take a photo of themselves as a woman in a scarf pass them by.;The people are sleeping together alone.
neutral;A dark-haired child in swimwear laughs, sitting before a glass table.;the child was waiting to go in the pool
contradiction;A dark-haired child in swimwear laughs, sitting before a glass table.;the blonde child had lunch
entailment;A dark-haired child in swimwear laughs, sitting before a glass table.;the child was sitting
entailment;A woman gets water from a well in a nicely vegetated area.;A person drawing well water with lush vegetation all around.
neutral;A woman gets water from a well in a nicely vegetated area.;A woman drawing well water in an oasis in the middle of a desert.
contradiction;A woman gets water from a well in a nicely vegetated area.;A woman getting water from a stream in a rocky, mountainous area.
contradiction;Young boy holding sunglasses and wearing a bathing suit.;The boy is wearing a tuxedo.
entailment;Young boy holding sunglasses and wearing a bathing suit.;The boy is dressed in a swimsuit.
neutral;Young boy holding sunglasses and wearing a bathing suit.;The boy is at the beach.
contradiction;A boy in his swim trunks is sitting at a table and laughing.;Everyone is standing around a fire.
neutral;A boy in his swim trunks is sitting at a table and laughing.;A boy is laughing at a joke.
entailment;A boy in his swim trunks is sitting at a table and laughing.;Someone is laughing.
neutral;A lady with a brown dress on is holding a glass and a cigarette in the middle of a room full of people.;The woman is attending a party.
contradiction;A lady with a brown dress on is holding a glass and a cigarette in the middle of a room full of people.;The woman is clutching her purse while looking around the empty room.
entailment;A lady with a brown dress on is holding a glass and a cigarette in the middle of a room full of people.;A woman is located in the middle of a crowded room holding a glass.
contradiction;A woman smiles tightly at a camera as another woman gestures to the right of her for the camera as a large group of people mingle behind them.;A woman is jumping off a roof
neutral;A woman smiles tightly at a camera as another woman gestures to the right of her for the camera as a large group of people mingle behind them.;A picture is being taken to send to a magazine
entailment;A woman smiles tightly at a camera as another woman gestures to the right of her for the camera as a large group of people mingle behind them.;A woman is smiling at a camera
contradiction;A lot of people mingling and having fun at a get-together.;A lone man stands by himself.
neutral;A lot of people mingling and having fun at a get-together.;A family celebrates a birthday.
entailment;A lot of people mingling and having fun at a get-together.;A group of humans.
entailment;Two women stand in the foreground making foolish faces in front of a diverse crowd of young people.;Two people are making funny faces.
contradiction;Two women stand in the foreground making foolish faces in front of a diverse crowd of young people.;Two men are playing football.
neutral;Two women stand in the foreground making foolish faces in front of a diverse crowd of young people.;Two teachers are making funny faces at their students.
neutral;Two men performing in a band.;men putting on concert
entailment;Two men performing in a band.;two men play music
contradiction;Two men performing in a band.;dog sleeps in grass
entailment;A man wearing only underwear and tennis shoes walking down the street.;A man is walking
contradiction;A man wearing only underwear and tennis shoes walking down the street.;The man is fully clothed
neutral;A man wearing only underwear and tennis shoes walking down the street.;The man is weird
neutral;A dark-haired women scrubbing a bucket.;A women is getting ready to wash her cat.
contradiction;A dark-haired women scrubbing a bucket.;A women is scrubbing a dog.
entailment;A dark-haired women scrubbing a bucket.;A women scrubbing a bucket.
entailment;A man with a hand injury is walking with a cane in a park.;There is a man outside.
contradiction;A man with a hand injury is walking with a cane in a park.;A man is sleeping on a bench.
neutral;A man with a hand injury is walking with a cane in a park.;An injured man is taking a walk.
contradiction;a crane flying just above a body of water;A crane is sitting over a nest.
neutral;a crane flying just above a body of water;A crane is looking for food.
entailment;a crane flying just above a body of water;A crane is outdoors.
neutral;Construction men are climbing wooden supports.;Some guys are climbing up a building.
entailment;Construction men are climbing wooden supports.;Some men are climbing.
contradiction;Construction men are climbing wooden supports.;Some men are painting a house.
contradiction;Two men on scaffolding painting the outside of a building.;Two men are washing the windows on the building.
entailment;Two men on scaffolding painting the outside of a building.;Two men are fixing the appearance of the building.
neutral;Two men on scaffolding painting the outside of a building.;Two men are painting the building yellow.
neutral;Two men are sitting on some scaffolding and painting a wall.;The men are working on a construction site.
entailment;Two men are sitting on some scaffolding and painting a wall.;The men are making the wall look better.
contradiction;Two men are sitting on some scaffolding and painting a wall.;The men are eating a sandwich.
neutral;Two men wearing work clothing climb a scaffold at a construction site.;Two construction workers are climbing as part of their job.
entailment;Two men wearing work clothing climb a scaffold at a construction site.;Two men are working on construction.
contradiction;Two men wearing work clothing climb a scaffold at a construction site.;Two men are hammering something into a wall.
entailment;A man in a white shirt is on a rooftop lifting a board.;A man has a white shirt.
contradiction;A man in a white shirt is on a rooftop lifting a board.;The man has a red shirt.
neutral;A man in a white shirt is on a rooftop lifting a board.;The man is black.
entailment;A man and a woman are standing near a grill, and the man is torching meat with a small blowtorch.;A man is cooking on a grill while a woman watches.
neutral;A man and a woman are standing near a grill, and the man is torching meat with a small blowtorch.;A man and woman are having an outdoor party.
contradiction;A man and a woman are standing near a grill, and the man is torching meat with a small blowtorch.;A man and woman are grilling in the rain.
entailment;Two people preparing meat on a street-side grill with one person wearing a mask as the other leans his head down.;Two men are cooking outdoors.
contradiction;Two people preparing meat on a street-side grill with one person wearing a mask as the other leans his head down.;Two men are sitting on the couch watching television.
neutral;Two people preparing meat on a street-side grill with one person wearing a mask as the other leans his head down.;Two men work at a hot dogs stand on the sidewalk.
entailment;A man and his female assistant use a propane torch to grill steaks.;Two people are making steak with a torch.
contradiction;A man and his female assistant use a propane torch to grill steaks.;A person is cooking spaghetti on a stove.
neutral;A man and his female assistant use a propane torch to grill steaks.;Two chefs are making steaks with a torch.
neutral;Two dark-skinned children staring while the people behind them mix dust in their floral clothing.;two small neighbourhood children watching other people mixing dust
contradiction;Two dark-skinned children staring while the people behind them mix dust in their floral clothing.;children goes to sleep in dormitory
entailment;Two dark-skinned children staring while the people behind them mix dust in their floral clothing.;two children watching people mixing dust in their floral clothing
contradiction;Two people preparing meat over a grill with a blowtorch.;The couple are playing chess.
neutral;Two people preparing meat over a grill with a blowtorch.;The people have no clue how to barbecue.
entailment;Two people preparing meat over a grill with a blowtorch.;The people are cooking.
entailment;Man with orange dyed hair playing an electric guitar.;The man is playing the guitar.
neutral;Man with orange dyed hair playing an electric guitar.;The man is on stage.
contradiction;Man with orange dyed hair playing an electric guitar.;The mans hair is on fire.
entailment;Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.;The dogs run in a field
neutral;Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.;The dogs are outside
contradiction;Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.;The dogs are sleeping.
contradiction;Men standing in a dumpster in a city.;Some men are burning some trash.
neutral;Men standing in a dumpster in a city.;Some homeless men are searching for food.
entailment;Men standing in a dumpster in a city.;Some men are in a dumpster.
entailment;Two young children dressed in winter clothes ride their toy sleds down a small hill.;Two children ride their sleds.
contradiction;Two young children dressed in winter clothes ride their toy sleds down a small hill.;The children are in a swimming pool playing with a beach ball.
neutral;Two young children dressed in winter clothes ride their toy sleds down a small hill.;The children are excited because this is the first snow of the winter.
neutral;"Two children sled down a hill on a plastic discs often referred to as ""saucers"".";The children are siblings.
entailment;"Two children sled down a hill on a plastic discs often referred to as ""saucers"".";The kids are sledding.
contradiction;"Two children sled down a hill on a plastic discs often referred to as ""saucers"".";The kids are in school.
entailment;A man sitting in a canoe on the shore of a lake.;A man is in a canoe.
contradiction;A man sitting in a canoe on the shore of a lake.;A man scuba dives.
neutral;A man sitting in a canoe on the shore of a lake.;A man waits to go out on the lake.
contradiction;Man sitting in a beached canoe by a lake.;a woman is standing in the woods
entailment;Man sitting in a beached canoe by a lake.;A man is sitting in a boat
neutral;Man sitting in a beached canoe by a lake.;a man is sitting outside
contradiction;Two children are asleep in a two-child stroller on the sidewalk.;7 children are asleep in a car.
neutral;Two children are asleep in a two-child stroller on the sidewalk.;Two children are asleep in a stroller.
entailment;Two children are asleep in a two-child stroller on the sidewalk.;Two children are asleep in a multi-child stroller on the sidewalk.
entailment;A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background.;A man is outdoors.
neutral;A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background.;A man is fishing.
contradiction;A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background.;A man is sitting on a couch.
contradiction;A man sitting in a rowboat;a man is standing in a boat
entailment;A man sitting in a rowboat;a man is in a rowboat
neutral;A man sitting in a rowboat;a man is in a rowboat waiting for rescue
neutral;A woman dressed in all black and wearing a headset makes a coffee drink.;The woman has blond hair.
contradiction;A woman dressed in all black and wearing a headset makes a coffee drink.;The woman is wearing orange.
entailment;A woman dressed in all black and wearing a headset makes a coffee drink.;The woman is listening to something.
contradiction;Two guards are sitting near an entrance.;Two guards are standing at the exit.
entailment;Two guards are sitting near an entrance.;Two people are watching an entrance.
neutral;Two guards are sitting near an entrance.;Two guards are standing watch.
neutral;Two guards sitting and talking to each other.;Two tall guards sitting at a table.
entailment;Two guards sitting and talking to each other.;People sitting and talking.
contradiction;Two guards sitting and talking to each other.;Two guards shooting guns.
entailment;Man in gray hoodie nodding down.;A man wears a gray hoodie.
neutral;Man in gray hoodie nodding down.;An ex-convict wears a red hoodie.
contradiction;Man in gray hoodie nodding down.;A lady wears a blue hoodie.
neutral;Two people with blue pants and yellow safety vests sit at an open gate on a red and blue wall.;Two workers take a break together.
contradiction;Two people with blue pants and yellow safety vests sit at an open gate on a red and blue wall.;Two people sit on a closed gate.
entailment;Two people with blue pants and yellow safety vests sit at an open gate on a red and blue wall.;Two people in matching clothes sit together.
entailment;A man in a hooded sweatshirt sitting on a toolbox.;A man is sitting.
contradiction;A man in a hooded sweatshirt sitting on a toolbox.;A man runs a race.
neutral;A man in a hooded sweatshirt sitting on a toolbox.;A workman eats lunch.
neutral;A hooded man is tampering with a video cassette.;A thief tries to hide evidence of wrongdoing
contradiction;A hooded man is tampering with a video cassette.;A hooded man records people outside
entailment;A hooded man is tampering with a video cassette.;A hooded man messes with equipment
contradiction;A large person in a gray sweatshirt and white shorts sits next to a wood working tool.;The green house is full of plants.
neutral;A large person in a gray sweatshirt and white shorts sits next to a wood working tool.;There is a woodworking shop.
entailment;A large person in a gray sweatshirt and white shorts sits next to a wood working tool.;There is a wood working tool.
entailment;Person in hooded sweatshirt that obscures their face sits next to a freshly cut log.;A man with a covered face sits.
neutral;Person in hooded sweatshirt that obscures their face sits next to a freshly cut log.;A man hiding his face sits next to the fallen tree.
contradiction;Person in hooded sweatshirt that obscures their face sits next to a freshly cut log.;A man with a clearly visible face stands.
contradiction;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;The dog is dry.
contradiction;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;No water
entailment;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;The dog is wet.
neutral;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;The dog is a poodle.
neutral;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;A dog is just coming out of a bath
contradiction;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;A black lab jumping in a lake.
neutral;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;A huge dog
entailment;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;A dog shakes himself.
entailment;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;An animal trying to dry itself off.
contradiction;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;A puppy is sleeping on the bed
neutral;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;A dog is wet.
entailment;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;An animal is trying to get dry
neutral;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;A labrador retriever drying itself off.
contradiction;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;Rasputin skateboards.
entailment;A tan dog shaking the water off of himself;An animal
neutral;Mallard duck swimming out in the water.;The duck is in the pond.
contradiction;Mallard duck swimming out in the water.;The duck is in the playpen.
entailment;Mallard duck swimming out in the water.;The duck is outside in the water.
entailment;A brown duck with a green head flaps its wings in the water.;Ducks like to flap their wings in the water.
neutral;A brown duck with a green head flaps its wings in the water.;Someone was scaring a duck in the water.
contradiction;A brown duck with a green head flaps its wings in the water.;Ducks like to eat other ducks in the water.
neutral;A green headed mallard duck flapping its wings in the water.;The duck is being chased.
entailment;A green headed mallard duck flapping its wings in the water.;There is a mallard duck.
contradiction;A green headed mallard duck flapping its wings in the water.;The duck is red.
entailment;A man rides his bike past the Chung May Food Market.;A male rides his transportation past a food market.
neutral;A man rides his bike past the Chung May Food Market.;A male looks at the food market as he rides his transporation past.
contradiction;A man rides his bike past the Chung May Food Market.;A male eats lunch at home.
contradiction;A man is riding his bike past a grocery store.;A man riding a car past a grocery store.
neutral;A man is riding his bike past a grocery store.;A man riding a ten speed bike past a grocery store.
entailment;A man is riding his bike past a grocery store.;A man riding a bike past a grocery store.
contradiction;A man with a backpack was bicycling past the Chinese food market.;A man with a purse is sitting still.
entailment;A man with a backpack was bicycling past the Chinese food market.;A person is on a moving object.
neutral;A man with a backpack was bicycling past the Chinese food market.;A man travels to a destination.
neutral;A man rides his bicycle past the Chung May Food Market.;A man rides his bicycle in the city, passing food markets and other stores.
contradiction;A man rides his bicycle past the Chung May Food Market.;A man parks his bicycle in front of the Chung May Food Market.
entailment;A man rides his bicycle past the Chung May Food Market.;A man rides his bicycle past a shop.
neutral;Two girls, a brunette dressed like a mermaid and a blond in a green shirt stand on the sidewalk holding informational cards.;Tourists try to get a feel for their surroundings.
entailment;Two girls, a brunette dressed like a mermaid and a blond in a green shirt stand on the sidewalk holding informational cards.;A couple of girl relax with some reading material.
contradiction;Two girls, a brunette dressed like a mermaid and a blond in a green shirt stand on the sidewalk holding informational cards.;Several female businessmen attempt to sell expensive products.
contradiction;A man kneeling on a roof touching a piece of plywood wearing sunglasses.;A man is falling of a roof as he tries to catch his falling sunglasses.
entailment;A man kneeling on a roof touching a piece of plywood wearing sunglasses.;A man wearing sunglasses is kneeling on the top of a house.
neutral;A man kneeling on a roof touching a piece of plywood wearing sunglasses.;A man kneeling on a roof is fixing a spot on the roof with a piece of plywood.
contradiction;Male swimmer doing the butterfly stroke in a lake.;A man is sitting on the couch.
neutral;Male swimmer doing the butterfly stroke in a lake.;A man practicing his butterfly stroke.
entailment;Male swimmer doing the butterfly stroke in a lake.;A man swimming.
contradiction;A man wearing a bathing cap and goggles is swimming in a river.;A man is swimming in a pool.
entailment;A man wearing a bathing cap and goggles is swimming in a river.;A man is keeping the water from his eyes.
neutral;A man wearing a bathing cap and goggles is swimming in a river.;A man is learning to swim.
contradiction;A dog near the shore of a body of water.;A dog is in a boat
entailment;A dog near the shore of a body of water.;A dog is outside near the water
neutral;A dog near the shore of a body of water.;A dog is waiting for his owner
entailment;A local swimmer is wearing a swim cap and swim goggles while swimming in a lake.;the swimmer is in the lake
contradiction;A local swimmer is wearing a swim cap and swim goggles while swimming in a lake.;the swimmer is at the pool
neutral;A local swimmer is wearing a swim cap and swim goggles while swimming in a lake.;the lake is cold
entailment;And male and female duo perform on stage.;two people performing.
contradiction;And male and female duo perform on stage.;a man and woman performing surgery.
neutral;And male and female duo perform on stage.;a man and woman performing on stage.
neutral;Young boy flying a toy airplane in an open field of hay.;The little boy was playing with his toy airplane.
entailment;Young boy flying a toy airplane in an open field of hay.;The little boy was flying his toy airplane in the open field.
contradiction;Young boy flying a toy airplane in an open field of hay.;The little girl was playing with her doll.
entailment;A small group of women sits beside a shop in an otherwise deserted courtyard.;Women sit next to a shop.
contradiction;A small group of women sits beside a shop in an otherwise deserted courtyard.;Woman walk through a crowded mall.
neutral;A small group of women sits beside a shop in an otherwise deserted courtyard.;Women wait for a store to open.
neutral;A boy in a red shirt and blue jeans is playing with a flying toy in a field on a day with blue skies and puffy clouds.;A boy has a remote control airplane in the field by his house.
entailment;A boy in a red shirt and blue jeans is playing with a flying toy in a field on a day with blue skies and puffy clouds.;A young person is playing with an object in the air.
contradiction;A boy in a red shirt and blue jeans is playing with a flying toy in a field on a day with blue skies and puffy clouds.;A boy is playing with a toy dumptruck on the street.
entailment;A boy is in a field with a toy airplane in the air in front of him.;A boy is playing in a field.
contradiction;A boy is in a field with a toy airplane in the air in front of him.;A boy is at a sports event.
neutral;A boy is in a field with a toy airplane in the air in front of him.;A boy is flying a plane with his father.
contradiction;A child in a red shirt is throwing a toy airplane in the middle of a large field.;A child is playing with is toys in the bedroom.
neutral;A child in a red shirt is throwing a toy airplane in the middle of a large field.;A child is outside.
entailment;A child in a red shirt is throwing a toy airplane in the middle of a large field.;A child is playing with a toy airplane outside.
entailment;On a rainy day a person is walking on a busy city street carrying a dark colored plaid shirt on a hanger and holding onto bagpipes under the arm.;A person is walking through the rain
neutral;On a rainy day a person is walking on a busy city street carrying a dark colored plaid shirt on a hanger and holding onto bagpipes under the arm.;A person is carrying his stuff for a parade
contradiction;On a rainy day a person is walking on a busy city street carrying a dark colored plaid shirt on a hanger and holding onto bagpipes under the arm.;A person is carrying an empty hanger and bagpipes
neutral;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;The man is late for a funeral.
entailment;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;The man in the rain is wet.
neutral;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;He is cold.
neutral;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;The man is late for the funeral.
contradiction;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;The man is playing the trumpet.
contradiction;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;The gentleman is walking carrying only his guitar
contradiction;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;The woman is holding a violin.
neutral;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;The man's face is red with excitement.
contradiction;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;A gentleman walking in the rain towards the flute festival.
contradiction;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;He is dry.
entailment;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;The gentleman is walking in the rain.
entailment;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;The man is wet.
entailment;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;A man is outside with an instrument.
entailment;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;A gentleman walking in the rain, holding his instrument.
neutral;A gentleman walking in the rain while holding his bagpipes appears to be late for an event of some sort.;A gentleman walking in the rain walking to a funeral.
entailment;A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at him.;A man is playing the bagpipes.
contradiction;A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at him.;A woman in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at her.
neutral;A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at him.;A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes  for monetary gain.
neutral;A strange man plays his bagpipes in the city as walks around dressed in a kilt.;The man is playing a funeral dirge.
entailment;A strange man plays his bagpipes in the city as walks around dressed in a kilt.;The man is holding an instrument.
contradiction;A strange man plays his bagpipes in the city as walks around dressed in a kilt.;The man is wearing jeans.
entailment;Man in Scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk.;A man playing music on the sidewalk.
neutral;Man in Scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk.;A man playing music on the sidewalk in front of a restaurant.
contradiction;Man in Scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk.;A woman in Scottish garb playing the bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk.
neutral;Two men playing horseshoes.;Two guys are competing in a horseshoe tournament.
entailment;Two men playing horseshoes.;Two guys are outdoors.
contradiction;Two men playing horseshoes.;Two guys are playing basketball.
neutral;People in costumes are entertaining at an amusement park.;The people are paid performers.
entailment;People in costumes are entertaining at an amusement park.;The people are dressed up.
contradiction;People in costumes are entertaining at an amusement park.;The people are naked.
contradiction;People are playing near the ocean.;People are playing cards in Las Vegas.
neutral;People are playing near the ocean.;People are throwing a frisbee to a dog on the beach.
entailment;People are playing near the ocean.;People are playing.
entailment;A bunch of people are dancing and celebrating.;The people are moving their bodies.
contradiction;A bunch of people are dancing and celebrating.;The people are asleep.
neutral;A bunch of people are dancing and celebrating.;They are celebrating their wedding.
neutral;Two females are looking at a notebook in a lab.;Lab partners are studying together.
entailment;Two females are looking at a notebook in a lab.;To girls are looking at something.
contradiction;Two females are looking at a notebook in a lab.;Two men are sharing a copy of 50 shades of grey.
entailment;Two women looking at information in a spiral booklet.;Two ladies are looking at a booklet together.
neutral;Two women looking at information in a spiral booklet.;Two people are checking out the handbook.
contradiction;Two women looking at information in a spiral booklet.;A group of men are holding books.
entailment;Two women wearing safety goggles, looking at the same notebook.;Two women are looking at a notebook together, they are both wearing their safety goggles.
contradiction;Two women wearing safety goggles, looking at the same notebook.;Two women are sitting side by side looking at their notebooks.
neutral;Two women wearing safety goggles, looking at the same notebook.;Two women are looking at something.
contradiction;Two young women wearing safety goggles while working in a laboratory.;Two women are camping outside.
neutral;Two young women wearing safety goggles while working in a laboratory.;Two women are working on dangerous chemicals.
entailment;Two young women wearing safety goggles while working in a laboratory.;Two women have their eyes protected.
contradiction;Two girls, wearing protective goggles, in a laboratory going through a book.;The girls are dissecting a frog.
entailment;Two girls, wearing protective goggles, in a laboratory going through a book.;The girls are looking at a book.
neutral;Two girls, wearing protective goggles, in a laboratory going through a book.;The book is about chemistry.
neutral;Five young ladies are dancing ballet with their legs kicked back and arms up high.;some persons dancing
entailment;Five young ladies are dancing ballet with their legs kicked back and arms up high.;Five ladies are dancing.
contradiction;Five young ladies are dancing ballet with their legs kicked back and arms up high.;five ladies are not there
neutral;Four dancers each dressed in black with a red ribbon around their waist are dancing.;Four dancers are wearing black and red costumes and doing the tango.
entailment;Four dancers each dressed in black with a red ribbon around their waist are dancing.;There are four people dancing, each wearing black clothing with a red ribbon belt.
contradiction;Four dancers each dressed in black with a red ribbon around their waist are dancing.;The four dancers, dressed in black and red, are resting and sitting at a table.
neutral;Four ballet dancers in black costumes are performing on a stage.;people are performing in front of  a large crowd
entailment;Four ballet dancers in black costumes are performing on a stage.;people are performing ballet
contradiction;Four ballet dancers in black costumes are performing on a stage.;people are at home sleeping
contradiction;A man on a red bike popping a wheelie.;A man is riding a skateboard.
entailment;A man on a red bike popping a wheelie.;A man is riding a red bike.
neutral;A man on a red bike popping a wheelie.;The man is showing off to his friends.
neutral;A guy riding a bike in the street doing a pop-a-wheely.;A guy doing tricks on a bike.
contradiction;A guy riding a bike in the street doing a pop-a-wheely.;A man wrecking his bike.
entailment;A guy riding a bike in the street doing a pop-a-wheely.;A guy riding a bike in the street doing a wheely.
entailment;A man on a red bicycle that is dragging a wagon behind it.;a man dragging a wagon while riding a bicycle
neutral;A man on a red bicycle that is dragging a wagon behind it.;a man dragging a wagon while riding a bicycle to meet his friend
contradiction;A man on a red bicycle that is dragging a wagon behind it.;a woman holding a scruffy cat
neutral;A man rides his bike on one wheel while towing something behind him.;The bike is comfortable to ride on
contradiction;A man rides his bike on one wheel while towing something behind him.;The man on the bike has no legs
entailment;A man rides his bike on one wheel while towing something behind him.;The man is on a bike
entailment;A man with a blue shirt riding a red bike doing a wheelie in the middle of the road.;The man is balancing on one wheel.
neutral;A man with a blue shirt riding a red bike doing a wheelie in the middle of the road.;The man is a professional bicycle rider.
contradiction;A man with a blue shirt riding a red bike doing a wheelie in the middle of the road.;The man is wearing a green shirt.
entailment;A red colored diner features dark red chairs.;There are red chairs in the diner.
neutral;A red colored diner features dark red chairs.;All of the chairs and tables in the diner are red.
contradiction;A red colored diner features dark red chairs.;There are no red chairs in the diner.
contradiction;Two people sitting in the shadows near the water.;people are in the sun in the desert
neutral;Two people sitting in the shadows near the water.;it is a sunny day
entailment;Two people sitting in the shadows near the water.;people are sitting by the water
entailment;Two children hug one another.;One child is giving another child a hug.
neutral;Two children hug one another.;The children are smiling.
contradiction;Two children hug one another.;The children are brushing their teeth.
contradiction;A man in a hat and black jacket reads a newspaper;A man is reading a book.
entailment;A man in a hat and black jacket reads a newspaper;A man is reading a newspaper.
neutral;A man in a hat and black jacket reads a newspaper;A man is reading the sports section.
neutral;A man in a dark jacket and a hat reading a paper while leaning.;A man is reading a paper while leaning against a brick wall.
entailment;A man in a dark jacket and a hat reading a paper while leaning.;A man is reading a paper.
contradiction;A man in a dark jacket and a hat reading a paper while leaning.;A man is reading a newspaper on a train.
entailment;A man with a hat leaning against a post reading a newspaper.;A man is reading a newspaper outside.
contradiction;A man with a hat leaning against a post reading a newspaper.;A woman is reading a magazine.
neutral;A man with a hat leaning against a post reading a newspaper.;The reporter browses through the morning paper looking for his feature article.
neutral;A nicely dressed man reading the newspaper in front of an older building.;Business man checking the stocks in the paper on the street.
contradiction;A nicely dressed man reading the newspaper in front of an older building.;Woman reading a book outdoors.
entailment;A nicely dressed man reading the newspaper in front of an older building.;Man in professional attire reading a newspaper outside.
neutral;A guy leaning on a structure in front of a building reading something.;a man leans up against an art installation
entailment;A guy leaning on a structure in front of a building reading something.;a person reading in front of a building
contradiction;A guy leaning on a structure in front of a building reading something.;a blind man sits in front of a building
contradiction;Three children on skates in an arena two girls and one boy, boy is wearing orange wheeled skates.;The children are at home watching television.
entailment;Three children on skates in an arena two girls and one boy, boy is wearing orange wheeled skates.;The children have something on their feet.
neutral;Three children on skates in an arena two girls and one boy, boy is wearing orange wheeled skates.;The children are related.
neutral;Little boy skating in roller rink, two little girls in background.;A boy is skating with his friends.
entailment;Little boy skating in roller rink, two little girls in background.;A boy is skating with other people around him.
contradiction;Little boy skating in roller rink, two little girls in background.;A girl is playing at a park by herself.
neutral;Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink.;some kids are going skating
contradiction;Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink.;the men are doing yoga
entailment;Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink.;Three kids are ice skating
entailment;three young people skating in a skating rink;The three people are skating together.
contradiction;three young people skating in a skating rink;The three people are throwing the baseball around.
neutral;three young people skating in a skating rink;The three people know each other.
neutral;Two girls and a boy rollerskating.;Some kids are having a skating contest.
entailment;Two girls and a boy rollerskating.;Some kids are rollerskating.
contradiction;Two girls and a boy rollerskating.;Some kids are playing basketball.
entailment;A toddler swings back very high.;a toddler swings high
neutral;A toddler swings back very high.;a boy swings high
contradiction;A toddler swings back very high.;a toddler plays on a slide
neutral;A man wearing a blue coat and red scarf cocks back his arm while holding a stick on the beach.;the man is wearing gucci
entailment;A man wearing a blue coat and red scarf cocks back his arm while holding a stick on the beach.;a man in a coat
contradiction;A man wearing a blue coat and red scarf cocks back his arm while holding a stick on the beach.;the man is wearing a sweatshirt
entailment;A man with a scarf throws a stick javelin-style on an abandoned beach.;The man threw a stick.
neutral;A man with a scarf throws a stick javelin-style on an abandoned beach.;The man is practicing javelin throwing for a compeition.
contradiction;A man with a scarf throws a stick javelin-style on an abandoned beach.;The man is dancing in the moonlight with his daughter.
neutral;A man gets ready to throw a bamboo stick like a javelin.;A man is preparing to demonstrate an ancient hunting technique.
entailment;A man gets ready to throw a bamboo stick like a javelin.;A man is holding a stick.
contradiction;A man gets ready to throw a bamboo stick like a javelin.;A man works on transforming his bamboo stick into a fishing pole.
entailment;A man with a red scarf is throwing a long stick.;A man in a scark throws a stick.
neutral;A man with a red scarf is throwing a long stick.;Bob Stickthrower lived up to his name.
contradiction;A man with a red scarf is throwing a long stick.;A man ate a stick.
entailment;A man gets ready to throw a stick at the beach.;A man gets ready to throw a stick.
neutral;A man gets ready to throw a stick at the beach.;A man gets ready to throw a stick to his dog.
contradiction;A man gets ready to throw a stick at the beach.;A man is sitting still at the beach.
entailment;Two young men compete in an informal basketball game.;There is a 1v1 going on between friends
neutral;Two young men compete in an informal basketball game.;There is a 1v1 going on between friends for money
contradiction;Two young men compete in an informal basketball game.;People don't play sports
entailment;A young boy and girl hug and smile.;young couple hugging
neutral;A young boy and girl hug and smile.;youth enjoying
contradiction;A young boy and girl hug and smile.;youth playing
neutral;A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign.;The makeup was done by her daughter.
entailment;A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign.;A woman with heavy makeup is standing.
contradiction;A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign.;A man with heavy makeup is standing.
contradiction;An older man is sitting in a lawn chair with a newspaper in his hand and selling paint cans, lawn chairs, and other items.;An older woman is selling newspapers.
neutral;An older man is sitting in a lawn chair with a newspaper in his hand and selling paint cans, lawn chairs, and other items.;An old man is selling to pay for college.
entailment;An older man is sitting in a lawn chair with a newspaper in his hand and selling paint cans, lawn chairs, and other items.;An old man has a newspaper.
neutral;A man standing on a boat is pulling rope out of the ocean.;The man is pulling anchor.
entailment;A man standing on a boat is pulling rope out of the ocean.;The man is standing.
contradiction;A man standing on a boat is pulling rope out of the ocean.;The man is drinking a beer in a pub.
entailment;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;four musicians play for a man
neutral;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;The street performers are hoping to make money.
entailment;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;There are multiple people present.
contradiction;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;a kid in a car goes through a drive thru
entailment;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;A group of people play music outside.
neutral;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;Classical musicians are raising money by playing on the street.
contradiction;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;There is no one listening to the musicians.
contradiction;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;The young man is riding his bike down the street.
contradiction;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;Musicians are playing at an indoor concert.
contradiction;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;A big band perfomance on a ship plays to a crowd of women.
neutral;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;four musicians play freebird
neutral;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;Four musicians play music while a talen scout stops and listens.
entailment;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;A man with a bike watched musicians playing.
entailment;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;A man listens to four musicians playing on the street.
neutral;Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.;They four musicians just met.
contradiction;Four musicians playing reed instruments with one playing a clarinet and three playing saxophones, being watched by a young child on a bicycle.;some musicians sleep
entailment;Four musicians playing reed instruments with one playing a clarinet and three playing saxophones, being watched by a young child on a bicycle.;four musicians are playing instruments
neutral;Four musicians playing reed instruments with one playing a clarinet and three playing saxophones, being watched by a young child on a bicycle.;musicians are outside
neutral;Some young adults are playing saxophones and clarinets outdoors.;A young adult band played outside.
entailment;Some young adults are playing saxophones and clarinets outdoors.;Some young people were playing musical instruments outside.
contradiction;Some young adults are playing saxophones and clarinets outdoors.;The drummer hammered away at his kit in the garage.
entailment;A street band consisting of three saxophonists and a clarinetist playing on the street.;The street band is playing outside.
neutral;A street band consisting of three saxophonists and a clarinetist playing on the street.;The band is playing jazz music.
contradiction;A street band consisting of three saxophonists and a clarinetist playing on the street.;The street band is inside a cafe for a show.
entailment;Three taxis have been pulled over.;Three taxis are on the street.
neutral;Three taxis have been pulled over.;The three taxis were speeding.
contradiction;Three taxis have been pulled over.;Three motorcycles were pulled over.
contradiction;Line of taxis waiting for passengers.;Trucks are driving down a highway.
entailment;Line of taxis waiting for passengers.;Taxis are waiting.
neutral;Line of taxis waiting for passengers.;Taxis wait for passengers at the airport.
contradiction;Many cabs lining up at a station close to an elevator.;Many buses are parked at a station.
entailment;Many cabs lining up at a station close to an elevator.;Taxis line up at a station.
neutral;Many cabs lining up at a station close to an elevator.;Cabs wait to pick up customers at a busy intersection.
entailment;Three parked taxis with two parked police cars behind them.;The police cars are in front of the taxis.
contradiction;Three parked taxis with two parked police cars behind them.;The taxis are being towed away.
neutral;Three parked taxis with two parked police cars behind them.;The taxis are yellow.
neutral;Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.;Two soccer players battle for the ball during a tie game.
contradiction;Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.;Two players battle over a turkey in an intense match.
entailment;Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.;There are players on the soccer field.
entailment;Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field.;Two teams are playing soccer on a grass field.
contradiction;Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field.;Two hockey opponents run and fight for the puck on ice.
neutral;Two soccer opponents run and fight for the soocerball on a grassy field.;Two teams are playing soccor.
contradiction;Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field.;Two young men are playing baseball.
entailment;Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field.;Two young men are playing soccer.
neutral;Two young men on opposing soccer teams are competing to get the ball on a soccer field.;One man is about to score for his team.
entailment;An old man wearing a black jacket is looking on the table;A man in a black jacket is near a table.
neutral;An old man wearing a black jacket is looking on the table;A man in a jacket is standing outside near a table.
contradiction;An old man wearing a black jacket is looking on the table;A young girl in a bright shirt is looking at the sky.
neutral;Several people are huddled around a table in an Asian country.;People standing around a table.
entailment;Several people are huddled around a table in an Asian country.;People around a table in an Asian country.
contradiction;Several people are huddled around a table in an Asian country.;People walking down a road.
contradiction;A male billiards player with a grin on his face and his pool stick in hand overlooking a billiards table with some balls on it.;A woman is watching football.
entailment;A male billiards player with a grin on his face and his pool stick in hand overlooking a billiards table with some balls on it.;A guy is playing pool.
neutral;A male billiards player with a grin on his face and his pool stick in hand overlooking a billiards table with some balls on it.;A pool player is about to win the game.
neutral;A man in a red shirt and black pants is sitting down.;An old an sitting on a bench outside.
contradiction;A man in a red shirt and black pants is sitting down.;A man running around the lake.
entailment;A man in a red shirt and black pants is sitting down.;A person sitting down.
neutral;A man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.;A sad man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.
contradiction;A man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.;A woman sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes her look headless.
entailment;A man sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.;A person sitting on the sidewalk photographed at an angle that makes him look headless.
entailment;A man sits alone in front of a building, hanging his head so low it appears to not exist.;A man sits alone and hanged his head so low.
contradiction;A man sits alone in front of a building, hanging his head so low it appears to not exist.;A woman sits on her bed, crying.
neutral;A man sits alone in front of a building, hanging his head so low it appears to not exist.;An man sits alone, looking depressed.
entailment;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;There is a child playing at a playground.
contradiction;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;The boy is dark-skinned.
entailment;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;A young boy rides a play horse at the playground
contradiction;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;The cow is riding the boy.
neutral;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;The boy is at recess.
contradiction;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;The boy is on a bus on the highway.
entailment;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;A boy rides a hrose.
neutral;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;A young boy rides a play horse at the playground outside his elementary school.
neutral;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;The boy is pretending to be a jockey.
entailment;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;There is a child on a park plaything.
contradiction;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;A grown man rides a horse down a beach.
entailment;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;A boy rides a play horse.
neutral;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;The child is an expert at horse.
neutral;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;There is a young boy riding a blue and white play horse at a playground.
contradiction;A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.;There is a young girl riding a horse at a farm.
contradiction;A man is tying his shoe lace.;A man is not wearing any footwear.
neutral;A man is tying his shoe lace.;A man is learning to tie his shoes.
entailment;A man is tying his shoe lace.;A man is lacing up his shoes.
entailment;Two swimmers are fighting for a ball on a water sport.;Two people fighting.
contradiction;Two swimmers are fighting for a ball on a water sport.;Two people practicing darts.
neutral;Two swimmers are fighting for a ball on a water sport.;Two people playing for a competition.
contradiction;A swimmer in his suit stretches before a swim competition while holding his goggles.;A swimmer in the middle of a swimming race.
contradiction;A swimmer in his suit stretches before a swim competition while holding his goggles.;A woman preparing for a swim competition.
entailment;A swimmer in his suit stretches before a swim competition while holding his goggles.;A swimmer preparing for a swim competition.
contradiction;A shirtless man in blue swimsuit bottoms holding swim goggles.;A cat is eating food.
entailment;A shirtless man in blue swimsuit bottoms holding swim goggles.;A shirtless man is holding swim goggles.
neutral;A shirtless man in blue swimsuit bottoms holding swim goggles.;A shirtless man is about to go swimming.
entailment;A male swimmer in a blue bikini holding goggles.;A male is holding goggles.
neutral;A male swimmer in a blue bikini holding goggles.;A male is about to go swimming.
contradiction;A male swimmer in a blue bikini holding goggles.;A man is sleeping.
neutral;A man in blue Speedos is holding black goggles.;The man in blue speedos has a fit body.
contradiction;A man in blue Speedos is holding black goggles.;The man in blue speedos is at a skating rink.
entailment;A man in blue Speedos is holding black goggles.;Black goggles are being held.
entailment;People are seen in the distance in front of a large colorful monument.;people are by the monument
neutral;People are seen in the distance in front of a large colorful monument.;people are taking pictures
contradiction;People are seen in the distance in front of a large colorful monument.;the people are in a conference call
entailment;A guy wearing a dark blue shirt is playing pool.;A guy is playing pool.
neutral;A guy wearing a dark blue shirt is playing pool.;He is practicing for a tournament.
contradiction;A guy wearing a dark blue shirt is playing pool.;A guy is bowling.
contradiction;A woman in an orange top is standing next to a large rainbow colored work of art.;A boy is jumping rope.
neutral;A woman in an orange top is standing next to a large rainbow colored work of art.;A woman has just completed a work of art and is standing next to it.
entailment;A woman in an orange top is standing next to a large rainbow colored work of art.;A woman is standing next to a work of art.
neutral;Two small children playing football in yellow and black and yellow and blue uniforms.;two small children are playing football for their school team
entailment;Two small children playing football in yellow and black and yellow and blue uniforms.;there are two children playing football.
contradiction;Two small children playing football in yellow and black and yellow and blue uniforms.;two small children are playing football in their white and gold uniforms
entailment;A man walking up some steep steps carrying a bag.;A man is walking up the steps.
neutral;A man walking up some steep steps carrying a bag.;A man is walking up the steps to his home.
contradiction;A man walking up some steep steps carrying a bag.;A woman is walking down the steps.
entailment;A young child is carrying a paddle.;A child holding a paddle.
neutral;A young child is carrying a paddle.;A child stealing a paddle.
contradiction;A young child is carrying a paddle.;A man launching a boat.
neutral;Man with camera and bag walking up stairs;A young man walking up the stairs to take a picture.
entailment;Man with camera and bag walking up stairs;A person walking up stairs.
contradiction;Man with camera and bag walking up stairs;A man sitting on the stairs.
neutral;A man climbs up a large flight of stone steps.;A man climbs stone steps of an ancient temple.
entailment;A man climbs up a large flight of stone steps.;A man climbs stone steps.
contradiction;A man climbs up a large flight of stone steps.;A man falls to his death down stone steps.
entailment;A young child in a red shirt is holding a wooden paddle behind a net.;The young child is wearing a red shirt and playing a game.
contradiction;A young child in a red shirt is holding a wooden paddle behind a net.;The young child is about to be confirmed at this church.
neutral;A young child in a red shirt is holding a wooden paddle behind a net.;The kids are playing a game and one with a red shirt is the goalie.
entailment;A young boy is standing on a sports field holding a piece of sports equipment.;a person is using a piece of equipment.
contradiction;A young boy is standing on a sports field holding a piece of sports equipment.;a boy is sitting in a coffee shop.
neutral;A young boy is standing on a sports field holding a piece of sports equipment.;a boy is playing sports.
contradiction;A little boy is standing in a cricket cage holding a cricket bat.;Adults are playing soccer.
neutral;A little boy is standing in a cricket cage holding a cricket bat.;The child is preparing to play.
entailment;A little boy is standing in a cricket cage holding a cricket bat.;A child is in the cricket cage.
contradiction;A kid playing a Cricket game, possibly at preschool or at the park;The kid is playing basketball.
neutral;A kid playing a Cricket game, possibly at preschool or at the park;The kid playing Cricket is asian.
entailment;A kid playing a Cricket game, possibly at preschool or at the park;The kid is playing Cricket.
neutral;The baby in the crib is crying.;The baby is hungry.
contradiction;The baby in the crib is crying.;The baby smiling and laughing.
entailment;The baby in the crib is crying.;The baby crying in the crib.
contradiction;Two guys riding skateboards with one of them performing a jump trick.;Two guys hanging in their room.
neutral;Two guys riding skateboards with one of them performing a jump trick.;Two guys at the skate park.
entailment;Two guys riding skateboards with one of them performing a jump trick.;Two guys riding their skateboards outside.
neutral;A teenage boy doing a skateboard trick while another boy rides on a skateboard in the background.;on of the boys is performing an ollie
entailment;A teenage boy doing a skateboard trick while another boy rides on a skateboard in the background.;some boys are riding skateboards
contradiction;A teenage boy doing a skateboard trick while another boy rides on a skateboard in the background.;the boy is doing tricks on his bmx bike
entailment;A skateboarder jumping in the street.;A skateboarded ollied in the street.
neutral;A skateboarder jumping in the street.;A skateboarder is doing tricks on a quiet street.
contradiction;A skateboarder jumping in the street.;A person is jumped his snowboard.
contradiction;A man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete.;The man is walking.
entailment;A man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete.;A skateboarder doing tricks.
neutral;A man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete.;A man rides a skateboard.
entailment;A boy does a trick on a skateboard.;The boy is outdoors.
neutral;A boy does a trick on a skateboard.;The skateboard is red.
contradiction;A boy does a trick on a skateboard.;The boy does a trick on the ocean.
contradiction;A band is performing on stage at a place of business.;The band is performing on the grass outside.
entailment;A band is performing on stage at a place of business.;The band members are performers.
neutral;A band is performing on stage at a place of business.;The band are good performers.
entailment;A motorbike rider is barreling across a grass lawn.;The rider is outdoors on a motorbike.
contradiction;A motorbike rider is barreling across a grass lawn.;The motorbike rider is sitting still on the sidewalk.
neutral;A motorbike rider is barreling across a grass lawn.;The man is speeding quickly to catch someone.
contradiction;Kids play in the snow while parents watch;Old men rolling around in the snow.
entailment;Kids play in the snow while parents watch;Humans playing in the snow.
neutral;Kids play in the snow while parents watch;Parents making their kids play in the snow.
neutral;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;Three friends go ice fishing in January.
neutral;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;People are getting a fishing boat ready for a day of fishing.
contradiction;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;Three friends jump off the dock into the water.
neutral;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;People putting supplies on a boat.
contradiction;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;The opening act to a rock concert.
contradiction;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;The people are inside a sauna.
entailment;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;Three people are going ice fishing.
entailment;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;Out in the snow, a small group of fishermen get an ice fishing boat ready for use.
neutral;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;The people are holding their fishing poles.
entailment;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;A group is outside in the snow.
contradiction;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;A group of people are sun tanning on the beach.
entailment;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;The people are outside.
neutral;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;A couple fishermen are fixing an ice fishing boat and getting it ready.
contradiction;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;Two fishermen are sitting in a restaurant eating chicken.
entailment;Three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.;People preparing to go ice fishing.
contradiction;A young boy climbs a spiral staircase in a room full of books.;A boy is going downstairs.
entailment;A young boy climbs a spiral staircase in a room full of books.;A boy is going upstairs.
neutral;A young boy climbs a spiral staircase in a room full of books.;A boy is going upstairs in a library.
contradiction;Young boy climbs spiral staircase surrounded by books.;a boy slides down a spiral staircase
entailment;Young boy climbs spiral staircase surrounded by books.;a boy walks up stairs
neutral;Young boy climbs spiral staircase surrounded by books.;a boy walks up steep stairs on his hands and knees
neutral;Young boy in blue shirt on spiral staircase in a room with many books.;The shirt is large.
contradiction;Young boy in blue shirt on spiral staircase in a room with many books.;The shirt is red.
entailment;Young boy in blue shirt on spiral staircase in a room with many books.;There is a boy.
entailment;A little boy climbs a spiral staircase in a cluttered library.;a boy is in the library
contradiction;A little boy climbs a spiral staircase in a cluttered library.;the boy is swinging on a tire
neutral;A little boy climbs a spiral staircase in a cluttered library.;the boy is there to study
neutral;Three black people dressed in african garb watching something.;Three people are old.
entailment;Three black people dressed in african garb watching something.;Three people are dressed in african garb.
contradiction;Three black people dressed in african garb watching something.;The three people are white.
entailment;A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass.;Two dogs are on the grass.
neutral;A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass.;Two dogs are playing in the sprinkler on a hot day.
contradiction;A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass.;Two dogs are sleeping.
neutral;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;The dog enjoys being sprayed with water.
contradiction;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;A dogs butt is being squirted with water.
contradiction;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;The pet remains dry after being hit from behind with a pail of water.
entailment;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;The dog is being squirted
neutral;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;A child is squirting the dog with a water gun.
contradiction;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;He is drinking water.
entailment;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;The dog with a light-colored coat its muzzle wet with a stream of water.
neutral;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;He is outside
entailment;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;Water is shooting in the white dog's face.
entailment;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;The dog is white.
entailment;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;A jet of water is squirting the dog.
contradiction;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;The cat sips water in the yard.
contradiction;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;the dog is inside
neutral;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;The dog is running
neutral;The white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.;The dog is getting wet on a prominent area of its body.
contradiction;A wedding party outside of a building.;Nobody is outside
neutral;A wedding party outside of a building.;Tall humans outside
entailment;A wedding party outside of a building.;Humans outside
entailment;An wedding party poses for a picture.;Photograph in marriage ceremony
neutral;An wedding party poses for a picture.;People takes photo in function
contradiction;An wedding party poses for a picture.;People gathered in office
entailment;A wedding party taking pictures.;Someone got married
neutral;A wedding party taking pictures.;The wedding was outdoors
contradiction;A wedding party taking pictures.;They are at a funeral
entailment;A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table.;Four people have a conversation at a table together.
neutral;A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table.;A lady and three men are talking to each other at a table.
contradiction;A lady in a gray sweater has a conversation with three other people at the same table.;Four men hold a conversation together at the same table.
neutral;A group of people talking at tables.;The people are talking about sports.
entailment;A group of people talking at tables.;The people are having a conversation.
contradiction;A group of people talking at tables.;The people are sitting silently.
neutral;There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things.;a high level boardroom meeting at a major company takes place
entailment;There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things.;A meeting of people is taking place
contradiction;There are tables full of people with paperwork who are discussing things.;A group of people sit at a picnic table and eat lunch
entailment;A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.;A man is playing basketball while people watch.
contradiction;A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.;A hockey player gets the puck in the net.
entailment;A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.;A man is playing basketball while people watch.
neutral;A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.;Michael Jordan shows he still got it when he slam dunks for an exhibition game.
contradiction;A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.;A hockey player gets the puck in the net.
neutral;A bald man is attempting to slam dunk a basketball in a game while people in the stands watch.;Michael Jordan shows he still got it when he slam dunks for an exhibition game.
contradiction;People are in a laundry mat washing clothes.;People are throwing their clothes in the garbage.
-;People are in a laundry mat washing clothes.;Machines are cleaning clothes at the laundromat.
entailment;People are in a laundry mat washing clothes.;People are getting their clothes cleaned at the laundromat.
entailment;A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches.;There is an audience
contradiction;A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches.;There is no audience
neutral;A man reaches toward dunking a basketball while an audience watches.;The audience is large
contradiction;Two men checking on their drying clothes at the laundromat.;Two men are at the supermarket.
neutral;Two men checking on their drying clothes at the laundromat.;Two men are married.
entailment;Two men checking on their drying clothes at the laundromat.;Two men dropped off their clothes at a laundromat.
contradiction;A young man in a white button shirt and black pants assesses a washer in a laundromat.;He is assessing a dryer.
entailment;A young man in a white button shirt and black pants assesses a washer in a laundromat.;The man is going to do laundry.
neutral;A young man in a white button shirt and black pants assesses a washer in a laundromat.;The man is wearing a necktie.
neutral;Two patrons are washing clothes at the laundromat.;Two men are adding bleach to the washing machines.
contradiction;Two patrons are washing clothes at the laundromat.;Two women are driving to the store.
entailment;Two patrons are washing clothes at the laundromat.;Two customers are doing laundry.
contradiction;A young man looks inside a washer at a laundromat.;A man hangs his clothes on a clothesline.
entailment;A young man looks inside a washer at a laundromat.;A man examining the inside of a washing machine.
neutral;A young man looks inside a washer at a laundromat.;A patron looks for his laundry inside of a machine.
entailment;A man stands atop a rocky cliff over the water.;A man is on top of a cliff.
neutral;A man stands atop a rocky cliff over the water.;A man is getting ready to dive off a cliff.
contradiction;A man stands atop a rocky cliff over the water.;A man is standing on top of a building skyscraper.
contradiction;Two young girls pick daffodils.;Two children plant flowers in a garden.
neutral;Two young girls pick daffodils.;Two little girls pick flowers from several different types of flower.
entailment;Two young girls pick daffodils.;Two girls pick flowers outside.
neutral;A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.;Man trying to find lost dog
entailment;A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.;Man looking at water
contradiction;A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.;Man swimming to shore
contradiction;A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean.;A woman looks out over the ocean from a spot on the sandy beach.
entailment;A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean.;A man stands on a stony cliff overlooking the ocaen, arms outstretched.
entailment;A man sands with his arms out on a rocky ledge in front of the ocean.;A man climbed to the top of a rocky cliff by the sea.
entailment;Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.;Person standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.
contradiction;Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.;Woman standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.
neutral;Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.;Sad Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.
contradiction;Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.;A man sleeping on his bunk bed.
entailment;Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.;A man standing outside.
neutral;Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.;A man standing outside on a rainy day.
neutral;a woman with a red cap is fishing in the river.;The woman enjoys fishing.
contradiction;a woman with a red cap is fishing in the river.;There is a woman in a black cap.
entailment;a woman with a red cap is fishing in the river.;There is a woman in a red cap.
neutral;A red-haired woman looks off-camera.;A redhead looks at a man away from the camera
entailment;A red-haired woman looks off-camera.;A redhead looks away from the camera
contradiction;A red-haired woman looks off-camera.;A blonde looks away from the camera
neutral;A girl with a red cap, hair tied up and a gray shirt is fishing in a calm lake.;A girl in a red cap is fishing for trout.
contradiction;A girl with a red cap, hair tied up and a gray shirt is fishing in a calm lake.;A boy is swimming in a lake.
entailment;A girl with a red cap, hair tied up and a gray shirt is fishing in a calm lake.;A girl is fishing.
contradiction;A lady wearing a red hat is fishing in a quiet and peaceful lake.;Children are splashing in a lake.
entailment;A lady wearing a red hat is fishing in a quiet and peaceful lake.;A woman is fishing in a lake.
neutral;A lady wearing a red hat is fishing in a quiet and peaceful lake.;A member of the Red Hat Society is in a boat fishing on a lake.
contradiction;The redheaded woman is staring off into the distance.;The woman is brunette
entailment;The redheaded woman is staring off into the distance.;A woman has red hair
neutral;The redheaded woman is staring off into the distance.;The women is beautiful
contradiction;A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair.;Blonde washing her hair
entailment;A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair.;Redhead wearing a headband
neutral;A curly redheaded girl with a large headband in her hair.;Girl getting ready for movie shoot
entailment;A red-haired woman looks past the cameraman.;A woman with red hair looks past the cameraman.
neutral;A red-haired woman looks past the cameraman.;A lady looks past the cameraman.
contradiction;A red-haired woman looks past the cameraman.;A cameraman looks at a man.
contradiction;A girl with a long, curly, red-hair and green eyes.;a guy
entailment;A girl with a long, curly, red-hair and green eyes.;a person with hair and eyes
neutral;A girl with a long, curly, red-hair and green eyes.;a pretty girl
entailment;A group of campers grill food over a burn barrel.;People are cooking outdoors.
contradiction;A group of campers grill food over a burn barrel.;The campers are going for a swim.
neutral;A group of campers grill food over a burn barrel.;The campers are hungry to eat dinner.
entailment;Campers use coal and a lighter to cook their dinner over a fire.;There is a group of people camping and cooking dinner.
neutral;Campers use coal and a lighter to cook their dinner over a fire.;There are campers cooking steak over an open fire.
contradiction;Campers use coal and a lighter to cook their dinner over a fire.;There is a bear that started a fire in the woods.
entailment;A group of friends cook around a fire.;A group of people cook at a fire.
contradiction;A group of friends cook around a fire.;A group of people eating food.
neutral;A group of friends cook around a fire.;They are camping.
contradiction;4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal;The four people are sleeping in bed.
neutral;4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal;The group is a family with two children.
entailment;4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal;The group is waiting for the food to be done.
neutral;People cooking at a campsite.;workers are on a corporate retreat
contradiction;People cooking at a campsite.;people are eating at applebee's
entailment;People cooking at a campsite.;friends are out camping
entailment;A large dog holding a smaller dog.;Two animals next to each other.
contradiction;A large dog holding a smaller dog.;2 cats are sleeping
neutral;A large dog holding a smaller dog.;The mother cuddles next to her puppy
entailment;A woman walks in front of a wall plastered with advertisements.;A woman walks in front a wall covered in papers.
contradiction;A woman walks in front of a wall plastered with advertisements.;A woman stands in front of a wall covered in pictures.
neutral;A woman walks in front of a wall plastered with advertisements.;A woman walks past a wall covered in advertisements for the local car wash.
contradiction;A small black and brown dog on a leash is jumping on a bigger tri-colored dog on a leash.;Some dogs are sleeping at the foot of the bed.
neutral;A small black and brown dog on a leash is jumping on a bigger tri-colored dog on a leash.;Two dogs are playing outside.
entailment;A small black and brown dog on a leash is jumping on a bigger tri-colored dog on a leash.;A small dog is jumping.
entailment;A dog is nipping at the ear of another dog on a leash, in a park.;A dog is being bitten
contradiction;A dog is nipping at the ear of another dog on a leash, in a park.;The dogs are in a pet store.
neutral;A dog is nipping at the ear of another dog on a leash, in a park.;The larger dog is nipping at a smaller dog.
neutral;A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog.;Two dogs are playing.
contradiction;A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog.;There are no dogs playing.
entailment;A small dog jumps up to play with a larger dog.;A small dog is jumping and playing with a larger dog.
neutral;A dog holds a smaller animal in its mouth.;The dog is bringing the animal to safety.
contradiction;A dog holds a smaller animal in its mouth.;A dog has a ball in its mouth.
entailment;A dog holds a smaller animal in its mouth.;A dog has another animal in it's mouth.
contradiction;Fluffy white dog running on pebbles along the shore.;The dog is riding in the bed of a truck.
entailment;Fluffy white dog running on pebbles along the shore.;A canine is alongside a body of water.
neutral;Fluffy white dog running on pebbles along the shore.;A dog is playing fetch on a beach.
entailment;Someone is riding a bright green dirt bike through the grass.;A bike rider rides through the outdoors
neutral;Someone is riding a bright green dirt bike through the grass.;A woman on a green bike goes through the grass
contradiction;Someone is riding a bright green dirt bike through the grass.;Someone in an SUV rides through the street
neutral;Shadowy figures on a balcony talking.;It is night time.
contradiction;Shadowy figures on a balcony talking.;The balcony is empty.
entailment;Shadowy figures on a balcony talking.;People are talking on the balcony.
entailment;A young girl is throwing a hula hoop in a backyard on a sunny day.;A young girl plays outside.
contradiction;A young girl is throwing a hula hoop in a backyard on a sunny day.;A boy plays inside.
neutral;A young girl is throwing a hula hoop in a backyard on a sunny day.;The girl enjoys hula hooping.
contradiction;Woman in blue shirt standing on a dried lake bed.;Woman in blue shirt standing on a boat in a lake.
neutral;Woman in blue shirt standing on a dried lake bed.;Woman in blue shirt standing on a dried lake bed during a drought.
entailment;Woman in blue shirt standing on a dried lake bed.;Woman standing outdoors.
neutral;A man and woman in a parking lot at night.;A man and a woman are looking for someone.
contradiction;A man and woman in a parking lot at night.;A man and a woman are walking in the park.
entailment;A man and woman in a parking lot at night.;A man and a woman are heading to their cars.
neutral;A blond woman sitting on a curb at night while a man with a black shirt stands over her and checks his phone.;A man stands next to his girlfriend and looks at his phone.
contradiction;A blond woman sitting on a curb at night while a man with a black shirt stands over her and checks his phone.;Two people stand near a street at midday.
entailment;A blond woman sitting on a curb at night while a man with a black shirt stands over her and checks his phone.;A man looks at his phone while standing over a blonde woman on a curb.
neutral;There is a man asleep, at the door of a barber shop.;There is a man asleep in the barber's door.
contradiction;There is a man asleep, at the door of a barber shop.;There is a man asleep in the ocean.
entailment;There is a man asleep, at the door of a barber shop.;There is a man asleep in a doorway.
contradiction;The woman is fixing her shoes while the man looks at his cellphone.;A woman is walking barefoot
entailment;The woman is fixing her shoes while the man looks at his cellphone.;A woman stops to tie her show and her husband is checking his phone.
neutral;The woman is fixing her shoes while the man looks at his cellphone.;A woman trips over her shoelace and a man on his phone doesn't notice.
contradiction;A man in dark clothing photographs a model sitting in a shopping mall parking lot.;A woman photographs a man in a parking lot.
entailment;A man in dark clothing photographs a model sitting in a shopping mall parking lot.;A man takes pictures of a model in a parking lot.
neutral;A man in dark clothing photographs a model sitting in a shopping mall parking lot.;A photographers photographs a model for his portfolio.
entailment;A baby laughs at his reflection in a mirror.;There is an infant in this picture
neutral;A baby laughs at his reflection in a mirror.;The baby sees himself for the first time in the mirror
contradiction;A baby laughs at his reflection in a mirror.;the baby is at a comedy show
contradiction;A barefoot woman reads a book along the water.;A woman just finished lacing up her shoes.
neutral;A barefoot woman reads a book along the water.;A woman is by a lake with her shoes next to her.
entailment;A barefoot woman reads a book along the water.;A woman isn't wearing any shoes.
contradiction;Two boys wearing sports uniforms stand in a grassy field.;The boys are inside the house.
neutral;Two boys wearing sports uniforms stand in a grassy field.;The boys are playing soccer.
entailment;Two boys wearing sports uniforms stand in a grassy field.;The two boys are outside.
entailment;the shadows of what appears to be two men grabbing another man from atop a large building;There are shadows of people.
contradiction;the shadows of what appears to be two men grabbing another man from atop a large building;A man gives a speech at a school.
neutral;the shadows of what appears to be two men grabbing another man from atop a large building;Shadows of people fighting can be seen.
neutral;A woman wearing a hat with making bread.;The head chef makes bread.
contradiction;A woman wearing a hat with making bread.;A woman is trying on hats.
entailment;A woman wearing a hat with making bread.;A woman is making bread.
neutral;Cheerleaders build a pyramid near the goal-line.;Cheerleaders practice on the field before their big day.
entailment;Cheerleaders build a pyramid near the goal-line.;A group of cheerleaders are on a field together.
contradiction;Cheerleaders build a pyramid near the goal-line.;Cheerleaders sit on the sidelines as their team loses.
contradiction;Cheerleaders have made three people pyramids.;Football players have made three people pyramids.
entailment;Cheerleaders have made three people pyramids.;Cheerleaders have made people pyramids.
neutral;Cheerleaders have made three people pyramids.;Fit cheerleaders have made three people pyramids.
neutral;A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air.;The skateboarder wears red shorts.
contradiction;A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air.;The skateboarder is wearing a shirt.
entailment;A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air.;A skateboarder is shirtless.
contradiction;A group of cheerleaders if red outfits.;The cheerleaders are all wearing the mascot suit.
entailment;A group of cheerleaders if red outfits.;The cheeleaders are wearing their red school colors.
neutral;A group of cheerleaders if red outfits.;The cheerleaders are doing a practice routine.
neutral;A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.;a boy smiles for the camera
contradiction;A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.;an angry child rides a horse
entailment;A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.;a child smiles for the camera
contradiction;Small blond child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.;Small blond man with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.
neutral;Small blond child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.;Small sad child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.
entailment;Small blond child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.;Small child with a bright red shirt smiles while sitting inside a Lexmark box.
neutral;A young child playing in a Lexmark box and using it as a fort.;A young child is building a fort with boxes his family has discarded.
contradiction;A young child playing in a Lexmark box and using it as a fort.;A young child is building a blanket fortress.
entailment;A young child playing in a Lexmark box and using it as a fort.;A child is playing with a box.
neutral;A bicyclist riding down the road wearing helmet and black jacket.;A bicyclist is riding down the road in biking gear.
contradiction;A bicyclist riding down the road wearing helmet and black jacket.;The bicyclist is fixing his bike.
entailment;A bicyclist riding down the road wearing helmet and black jacket.;A bicyclist is riding down the road.
contradiction;Woman in black jacket and blue pants rides bike on shoulder through construction area.;A boy rides a hobby horse.
entailment;Woman in black jacket and blue pants rides bike on shoulder through construction area.;A woman on a bike.
neutral;Woman in black jacket and blue pants rides bike on shoulder through construction area.;A woman rider her bike to work.
contradiction;A man in a red shirt holding a red piece of clothing.;The man is holding a black pair of pants.
neutral;A man in a red shirt holding a red piece of clothing.;A man is holding the matching jacket to his suit.
entailment;A man in a red shirt holding a red piece of clothing.;A man is holding something.
contradiction;A person on a bike riding by a bright orange sign.;The man hails a taxi in the country.
neutral;A person on a bike riding by a bright orange sign.;The man rides his bike through construction.
entailment;A person on a bike riding by a bright orange sign.;A person rides a bike.
entailment;A woman is riding a bike.;A woman is outside.
neutral;A woman is riding a bike.;The woman is competing in a bicycle marathon.
contradiction;A woman is riding a bike.;The woman is enjoying some chocolate milk after a long work out.
contradiction;A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on.;An older couple sit and watch a young woman dance.
neutral;A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on.;A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on, smiling.
entailment;A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on.;People attend a dance.
contradiction;White and black dog jumping over red-haired dog in grass.;Dog jumps over a princess.
neutral;White and black dog jumping over red-haired dog in grass.;Dog barely jumps over another lazy dog.
entailment;White and black dog jumping over red-haired dog in grass.;Dog jumps over dog.
contradiction;Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk.;Two people playing catch.
neutral;Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk.;Two women sitting a bench outside.
entailment;Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk.;Two people talking while sitting.
entailment;A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign.;There is a group of people sitting
neutral;A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign.;There is a group of people sitting behind a sign in warm weather
contradiction;A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign.;There is a group of people standing outdoors
entailment;A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy.;The large dog is beneath the small dog.
contradiction;A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy.;The dogs are baking cookies.
neutral;A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy.;The small dog is hungry.
entailment;A man hovers over a woman seated at an art gallery's front desk.;A man and a woman at a desk
contradiction;A man hovers over a woman seated at an art gallery's front desk.;A man and a woman sitting on a bench reading books
neutral;A man hovers over a woman seated at an art gallery's front desk.;A man and a woman working at a gallery to raise money for poor children
entailment;Racedog has the number 8.;A racing dog has a number 8.
contradiction;Racedog has the number 8.;A race dog is number 9.
neutral;Racedog has the number 8.;A race dog has a number of about 8.
contradiction;A dog, wearing a number 8, running in a race.;The dog is sleeping.
neutral;A dog, wearing a number 8, running in a race.;The dog is fast.
entailment;A dog, wearing a number 8, running in a race.;The dog is has a digit on itself.
contradiction;A greyhound runs in a race, bee striped jacket, number eight.;The greyhound is wearing the number seven.
neutral;A greyhound runs in a race, bee striped jacket, number eight.;The greyhound is extremely fast.
entailment;A greyhound runs in a race, bee striped jacket, number eight.;The greyhound is running around a track.
neutral;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;A greyhound dog runs along a dirt track and chases the other greyhounds
contradiction;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;A beagle is wearing a yellow and black shirt.
neutral;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;The dog is running after a fake rabbit.
contradiction;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;A horse races around the track
contradiction;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;There is a puppy laying on a couch
neutral;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;A dog is running a race.
neutral;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;A race dog is competing
entailment;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;There is an animal running outdoors
contradiction;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;The dog is sitting, waiting to be petted.
contradiction;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;There is a cat on the racetrack
entailment;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;The dog is running.
entailment;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;The dog is an animal
entailment;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;A dog is at a racetrack.
neutral;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;The racetrack is long
entailment;A greyhound dog wearing a yellow and black shirt runs along a dirt racetrack.;An animal is outside
neutral;Gray dog with muzzle and with the# 8 yellow striped identification is running.;A gray dog is about to win a race.
contradiction;Gray dog with muzzle and with the# 8 yellow striped identification is running.;A gray dog is sleeping on the floor.
entailment;Gray dog with muzzle and with the# 8 yellow striped identification is running.;A dog is running a race.
contradiction;A man wearing white clothes with a blue backpack waits for the blond woman to sign a book.;A man is watching a movie.
neutral;A man wearing white clothes with a blue backpack waits for the blond woman to sign a book.;A man is getting an autograph at a book signing.
neutral;A man wearing white clothes with a blue backpack waits for the blond woman to sign a book.;A man is waiting in line.
neutral;A man dressed in red is at the marketplace.;Male vendor stands behind his fruit stand at marketplace
entailment;A man dressed in red is at the marketplace.;Man standing at a market
contradiction;A man dressed in red is at the marketplace.;Man sitting in office
entailment;A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot.;A person does a stunt on his motorbike.
contradiction;A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot.;A woman rides a unicycle in the parking lot.
neutral;A person performing a wheelie trick on a motorcycle in a parking lot.;A daredevil performs a stunt on his motorbike.
entailment;A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt;A stuntman on a motorcycle
contradiction;A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt;a man crashes a car into a pole
neutral;A man standing on a motorcycle doing a stunt;a stuntman vaults from his motorcycle
contradiction;Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle.;Motorcyle crashes into a pile of cars.
entailment;Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle.;Motorcylist rides his bike.
neutral;Motorcycle daredevil on reared motorcycle.;Motorcycle rider jumps a few cars.
contradiction;Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.;The rider is straddling the motorcycle.
contradiction;Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.;The person is laying in his bedroom.
